 @TwoTurtleDuffs, @d_rocchi, @dasimonetta, @ddmatthews, @CanuckPuckHead, @NKonarowski2, @LarryScotti, @PurpleRocktober, @jaynichols11, @meaghannn_, @LastWordOnNHL, @LWOSDanRussell, and @darrinharmy and follow the site @lastwordonsport and like our Facebook Page.

Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? If so, check out our “Join Our Team” page to find out how.<|endoftext|>eSports in 360°

Dmitry Nazarov Blocked Unblock Follow Following Dec 14, 2017

Cybersport Leagues and Their Significance

Over the past decade, the culture of eSports has undergone significant changes. It went from small computer clubs with square screens to Olympic stadiums and specialized cybersport arenas.

Modern championships in computer games are comparable with football tournaments in scores and ratings and the game arenas that appear in all major cities of the world — within the stadiums.

Currently, there are several professional leagues in the eSports industry with teams and players competing in certain disciplines, such as League of Legends, PUBG, CS: GO, Dota 2 and others. Each of which every day is leading, butsags in the ratings on downloading. As you can see from the graphs, to date, the most downloaded games, and therefore the best-selling — these are eSports products. A clear representative of free-to-play is Dota 2.

TOP BY PLAYTIME

STEAM STATS

Major event agencies make matches more interesting and “tasty” by adding within the broadcast of tournaments a video about the relationship between teams throughout the season, their ways to finals, etc.

Surprisingly, the tournaments of some games have their own unique ecosystems. For example, the new points system in Dota 2 divided championships into two classes — Major and Minor tournaments, the first of which brings winners five times more points than the second. In this case, regardless of the category of the tournament, the distribution of points is the same — the winner receives half and another 30% goes to the finalist. The third and fourth places get 10% (or 15 and 5, if there is a match for third place). To this day, industry experts and “sofa analysts” argue in the forums the pros and cons of this set-up, however, all agree in one thing — that the new system will be more demanding for Tier-2 teams, which now must more carefully prepare for each tournament, in order to get into the Top Four. The treasured invited for the most important event of the year are distributed according to the results of the tournaments at the end of the season. The International 2018, where the prize fund of the last major event exceeded $24 million.

The number of people who watch live-broadcasts is impressive! According to a recent study of SuperData, 665 million people watch online broadcasts of games. And this is without taking into account the Chinese market, which significantly exceeds in the quantitative indicators the rest of the regions! For comparison: the number of active users of the streaming platform Twitch is 100 million.

eSports is one of the most dynamically developing segments, in terms of growth dynamics, it is second only to the VR market. Market leaders certainly are games for mobile platforms, but eSports and VR markets showed the largest growth in 2017.

An important role in the structure of market growth is played by the fact that active viewers of cyber-prone events and users of game streaming platforms are. This is a solvent audience, which independently makes decisions about purchases and is ready to spend money.

The eSports match is first and foremost an amazing show. It is organized accordingly and requires a high degree of professionalism from everyone who has anything to do with it. Considering the million-level rates and profits, the activity of production is to be high from developers of games. Around the competitions themselves, a whole industry has been deployed to support the fan zone. The pleasure of the game is to get everything.

Cybersport should be considered a full-fledged sport, according to Tony Estanget, a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC), so that the Olympic Games remain relevant for new generations. “We can not say no at once. Young people are interested in eSports and similar things,” he adds. In the summer of 2024, the Olympic Games will be held in France, their program will begin to be formed in 2019.

Cybersport Production and Their Role in the Industry

Locations of cybersport production are scattered all over the world. Over the past year, ESL (Turtle-entertainment) held events in stadiums on five continents. This is North and South America, Europe, Asia and Australia. Let’s not forget that the interaction of players and fans occurs in an interactive environment.

DreamHack (MTG group) in 2011 conducted 11 events in six countries, including: Canada, France, Germany, Sweden, Spain and the United States. The current list of tournaments and schemes for esports: DreamHack Open (CS: GO), DreamHack Masters (CS: GO), DreamLeague (DOTA 2), DreamHack Hearthstone Grand Prix, Starcraft 2 World Championship Series and DreamHack Smash Championship.

This year, the EPICENTER (Epic Esports Events) tournament took place in St. Petersburg, which became one of the most important events of the year for the Russian cyber community. However, there were scandals. North and FaZe Clan, who took third place in the groups following the results of the matches, broke off the autograph session. The guys did not consider that communication with fans was an important part of the event. Having acted in this way, the team showed disrespect to the organizers of the tournament and to their fans. Absolutely not characteristic behavior for the Scandinavian teams.

All this time, players won attention only with their mouse and keyboard, but this year began a new era in the development of eSports. The era of the technological revolution.

Rotate 360 ​​°

In June 2017, Intel announced a partnership with ESL and Oculus to launch the eSports league dedicated to VR games. This happened at the largest international exhibition of the gaming industry E3. The official page states that the ESL VR Challenger league, represented by Oculus and Intel, is the next step in the evolution of VR esports.

This takes on the organization of online tournaments and high-energy offline events. Players and teams in North America and Europe will compete for a total prize pool of more than $200,000 and get a chance to become crowned champions in the grand finals of 2018, which will be held in Katowice, Poland. The first games that hit the roster of VR Challenger League were “The Unspoken” from Insomniac and “Echo Area” from Read At Dawn.

VR Challenger League will be held within the framework of Oculus Connect, ESL One Hamburg, IEM Oakland and Dreamhack Winter. Some believe that it is not the time for VR in eSports and many large eSports like ELEAGUE are not in a hurry to add the VR discipline by looking at the views and ratings on Twitch.tv. However, it is worth noting that virtual reality adds physical activity to eSports games, which makes them closer to real sports, thus promoting the popularity of eSports throughout the world.

The rapid growth and development of VR eSports will grow even faster over the next three years. The main barriers now are have been expensive equipment for testing content and lack of box solutions for developers. The VRT World project team is working on this task. They are creating a SDK (software development kit) that optimizes work on VR content, which will lead to faster creation of games, including for VR-parks with Full-Body Tracking technology.

VR Discipline and eSports Product

Let’s return to the official disciplines of the ESL VR Challenger League, to talk about them in more detail.

“The Unspoken” is a one-on-one mage duel where the player himself activates spells by throwing fireballs at the rival, summoning pets, constantly scattering trucks and other objects on the map, and teleporting from one checkpoint to another. Very cool action!

In “Echo Arena”, teams consisting of three players each try to hit the opponent’s cube with a flying disc, moving with futuristic collisions in zero gravity, exchanging punches with each other and trying to block the opposite teams.

“We do not look at previous VR products to inspire, we actually just pull things out of our heads and ask, ‘Will this work? Let’s try it,’ says Ted Price, CEO of Insomniac Games. “This is a completely new frontier for all.” To be clearer, he gives an example. In VR space, the player’s head is actually a camera that sees the game, which is not always convenient. Sometimes, for a deeper immersion of the player in a virtual environment, tricks are used to move the camera. To find a solution, you have to constantly manipulate the characters and methods of their management.

Another problem is how to optimize the space in the VR — how to make players free to unfold, if they move back or to the side. And if the game is from a third party, then these problems are exacerbated, since it is necessary to control the control of the character that works on the screen. Developers are constantly forced to look for a balance between controls that give a lot of options for the player and aren’t too complicated. All efforts to optimize the game should turn it into a real eSports product, which means:

1. A random move should not determine the final outcome of a duel; everything must be solved solely by personal and team skills.

2. In-game balance

3. Same conditions for both parties

Particular attention should be paid, of course, to the balance sheet. A huge number of successful titles have been buried by overspending.

Konstantin Negachev, CEO of VRT World, sees great opportunities for eSports related to VRT World.

“By the end of 2019, together with our partners, we will create an eSports league based on our own Z8 VR Parks for promoting electronic sports with VR technologies. We plan to organize international competitions with large prize pools, wide coverage in the media and a pro scene. To do this, we will need to create portable devices for on-site installation and rent large enough space to accommodate more than 1,000 people in the first stage.“

This technology will be implemented as an addition to the main development of the company in the field of VR and will present to the audience the illusion of direct participation in the competition for electronic sports. Recall that in the past, VRT World has already made a significant contribution to the development of VR technologies. As an example, VRT World realized the possibility of interaction in the virtual reality of several participants at once, even from different countries.

Full-Body Tracking VR technology developed within the walls of VRT World opens new opportunities for eSports. While the marks of active players on the feet, on the wrists, and on the back are tracked by the cameras, the movements of the main parts of the body are calculated and completed according to the algorithm of reverse kinematics. The algorithm is based on the knowledge of human anatomy and calculates the rotation of the joints. The company VRT World made great efforts, conducted research and motion shootings, to be confident in this breakthrough in the field of VR development. Any turn is immediately transferred to the virtual world and naturally fits into the game environment. The first VR shooter will appear in late 2017 in Moscow in Z8 VR PARK.

The international hackathon of indie developers is planned to be finalized in 2019, and the best idea of ​​game design will be implemented with the support of VRT World. We are sure that such events will help independent studios capture the world, at least virtually.

Co-author: Evgeniy Kiselev<|endoftext|>Samsung Galaxy S4 was most stable device, while the iPad 2 was the least stable

It's probably no surprise, but Android 2.3 Gingerbread was the least stable version of Android when it comes to causing app crashes. That's all improved since, however — according to a report from Crittercism, which monitors app usage on over a billion Android and iOS devices, the stability of Android apps surpasses that of iOS across the board in all software versions.

Android apps crashed an average of 1.7 percent of the time on Gingerbread, but the combination of Ice Cream Sandwich, Jelly Bean and KitKat crash just 0.7 percent of the time according to the report. By comparison, iOS 6 crashed a much higher 2.5 percent of the time, with iOS 7 cutting that down to 2.1 percent and iOS 7.1 to 1.6 percent. Even with those improvements that's still over double that of modern versions of Android, and not something your average person would actually think if they were asked which platform crashes more.

On the device side, the report finds that the Samsung Galaxy S4 was the most stable device they have data on with a 0.9 percent crash rate, while the highest was the iPad 2 at 2.6 percent. For different kinds of apps, graphically-intensive games naturally crashed the most, while e-commerce apps crashed the least.

Source: Crittercism<|endoftext|>The changed specification of VVIP helicopters, especially the reduced the service ceiling were made under the advice of the Prime Minister Office, former chief S.P. Tyagi on Saturday told a court, which sent him to the custody of the till December 14 in the Rs 3,767-crore AgustaWestland helicopter deal case.

"Then PMO advised to keep the minimum mandatory requirement of the service ceiling of the helicopters to 4,500 metres (from the earlier 6,000 metres)," Tyagi's defence counsel N. Hariharan told the while opposing the Central Bureau of Investigation's plea seeking custodial interrogration of the accused.

However putting aside the submissions, Metropolitan Magistrate Sujit Saurabh allowed the to quiz Tyagi, his cousin Sanjeev Tyagi alias Julie Tyagi and Delhi-based lawyer Gautam Khaitan till December 14 even as the agency sought 10 days custody to unearth the bribery charges, saying a huge amount was routed to India through various companies.

"Considering the serious nature of the allegation and gravity of the matter, I am of the considered opinion that police custody of the accused is required for fair investigation," said the magistrate after a two-hour-long argument between counsel of the and the accused.

The agency told the that crucial information was collected from three countries - Italy, Switzerland and Mauritius - via letters rogatory and the accused are required to be confronted with it to unearth the larger conspiracy in the deal.

Telling the that regular meetings were taking place between senior officials of AgustaWestland and S.P. Tyagi with the help of Sanjeev Tyagi, the CBI has alleged that a conspiracy was hatched to reduce the service ceiling of the helicopters after which AgustaWestland became eligible to supply a dozen helicopters for VVIP flying duties.

It told the court that the words "at least twin engine" were inserted in the amendment proposal in 2005 for procuring VVIP helicopters to bring AgustaWestland into the eligibility criteria, adding that the changes were made deliberately as AgustaWestland helicopters had three engines and a service ceiling of 4,500 metres.

Claiming innocence in the case, the former chief's defence counsel, Hariharan apprised the court that it was a collective decision to procure VVIP helicopters.

Denying the charges, he opposed the request of custodial interrogation, saying that the probe agency had not given any specific and vital point for seeking remand.

Countering the CBI allegations, Tyagi said that, as chief 2004-2007, he had nothing to do with the deal and the decision was taken collectively in in consultation with then Defence Ministry, the Special Protection Group and the PMO.

The decision came during the tenure of Manmohan Singh but was axed in January 2013 when the corruption allegations surfaced.

The CBI told court that in 1999, the government decided to phase out the old helicopters as they were not fit to reach high-altitude areas, and the Defence Ministry in 2002 issued global tenders for procuring new VVIP helicopters in which 11 companies participated including AgustaWestland.

However, AgustaWestland could not qualify for the shortlisted companies as it could not meet the eligibility criteria.

"Therefore a conspiracy was hatched by the accused person to help AgustaWestland win the chopper contract by making change in the operational requirements," contended the CBI, saying Italian nationals and middlemen Carlo Gerosa and Guido Haschke were in constant touch with Tyagi's cousin to influence the bidding, and also accessed crucial information.

The middlemen told Sanjeev Tyagi that they had a good contact with Giuseppe Orsi and Bruno Spagnolini, then CEOs of the Italy-based Finmeccanica and Britain-based AgustaWestland, which is a subsidiary of the former, and could fix the meeting with them, CBI disclosed.

All the accused, companies included, were booked for criminal conspiracy, cheating and under the Prevention of Corruption Act.

--IANS

akk/vd

(This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.)<|endoftext|>The second episode of RuPaul’s All Stars Drag Race unleashed a fresh wellspring of tears when season six favorite Adore Delano decided to quit midway through the episode. Adore, whose given name is Danny Noriega, went on Periscope to discuss what happened. He says that he decided to do the show during a particularly difficult time in his life: His father had passed away and his ex had broken up with him “with no explanation through text.” (Rude!) “Last year I had a super-emotional breakdown,” he says. “I was just constantly working to fill the void of not dealing with family issues and what was really happening with my self and self-esteem. I was going through a really dark depression.”

But let’s get to the tea, shall we? Adore received a particularly harsh critique on the runway during the first episode, landing him in the bottom two. While it seemed like judging mainstay Michelle Visage was to blame, according to Adore, it was actually guest judge Raven-Symoné. “It wasn’t all Michelle. The reason why I was super-hypersensitive about the whole sitch was that I was getting it from everywhere. It wasn’t just Michelle. It actually started with Raven-Symoné,” Adore says. “The thing that hurt my feelings was Raven. She said something super-gross.” But he adds that he doesn’t care about what the haters think, including Raven: “I’ve worked too hard to be talked to like a weird-ass amateur by Raven-Symoné.” You better take on your Inner Saboteur!<|endoftext|>The Hollywood Bowl’s 2013 summer season will include an all-star production of Chicago, Tony winner Kristin Chenoweth, John Williams: Maestro of the Movies narrated by Julie Andrews and an orchestra-accompanied production of Blue Man Group. The new season will kick off on June 22 at the open air theater in Los Angeles, California, with an opening night concert featuring the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra.

Chicago will play a limited engagement from July 26 through 28. Casting will be announced shortly. The Kander and Ebb musical features the memorable numbers “All That Jazz,” “Cell Block Tango” and “Razzle Dazzle.”

Chenoweth will perform a solo concert on August 23 and 24, accompanied by the Los Angeles Philharmonic and conducted by Mary-Mitchell Campbell. The star will perform songs from Wicked, Glee, Les Miserables and more.

John Williams: Maestro of the Movies will feature Williams conducting some of his most popular movie hits, including themes from Harry Potter, Raiders of the Lost Ark and Star Wars. Andrews will narrate a tribute to her husband, director Blake Edwards, and Henry Mancini at the event. Featuring the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the concert will take place on August 30 and 31.

Blue Man Group will perform on September 6 and 7 alongside the Hollywood Bowl Orchestra in a large-scale production of the popular multimedia event. Alongside the orchestra, Blue Man Group will present a special blend of music, theatrics and comedy for all ages.<|endoftext|>Incase the original Half-Life wasn’t gory enough, ‘ Brutal Half-Life ‘ is an upcoming Goldsrc mod which attempts to add even more blood, gore and gibs to Gordon’s quest through Black Mesa.

Inspired by the award-winning Doom modification ‘Brutal Doom‘, the community developed Half-Life mod was released as a first beta (version 0.1).

As the name suggests, the mod attempts to brutalize the experience of the original Half-Life by adding details such as:

Increased enemy dismemberment

New death animations

Custom gibs

Better blood sprites and decals

Enhanced effects, such as explosions, smoke, light effects, etc

Improved AI

New weapon sound effects

The mod also incorporates new gameplay features such as a kick melee, secondary weapon attack ability and a damage skills system.

So far the mod has received a 10/10 rating on ModDB and has seen some positive attention from the Doom and Half-Life communities alike. So if you are in the mood for some gore intensified Half-Life, or just wanting to unleash your inner psychopath, this could be the mod for you.

You can download Brutal Half-Life and find more about the beta release over on ModDB.

Article Sources

Reported by Sandvich18, Edited by Alex<|endoftext|>“The sad thing is that there are so many people like me in that system”

Davino Watson, US citizen falsely imprisoned by ICE agents, speaks out

By Nick Barrickman

4 November 2017

The US Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit decision last month denying Davino Watson, a US citizen held illegally for nearly three-and-a-half years by Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), of any right to sue for damages is a travesty of the judicial process and an attack on democratic rights.

Davino Watson

The criminal treatment meted out by the government to Watson exposes the decay of basic democratic principles within the United States. It also reveals the fascistic atmosphere being cultivated within the various state immigration and law enforcement agencies, which operate outside of the law even as President Donald Trump vows to “unshackle” them.

Watson previously served time in 2008 for a minor charge when he was detained by ICE agents and the preparations were made for his deportation, a process that would ultimately claim three-and-a-half years of his life. Efforts to provide contact information and documents proving his citizenship were either ignored or mishandled, with Watson being shuffled across the country with no access to the outside world.

In 2016, Watson was awarded damages totaling $82,500, compensation for just 27 out of the 1,273 total days of his imprisonment. Last summer, the WSWS reported that even this minor sum had been clawed away from him by the courts, with judges stating that the two-year statute of limitations for suing the government had expired while he was imprisoned.

Watson, clearly shaken by this traumatic experience, recently spoke at length with the World Socialist Web Site about his ordeal and the difficulties he has faced as a result.

***

Nick Barrickman: You’ve been through a great ordeal. How have you been dealing with the recent court decision?

Davino Watson: It’s devastating. There hasn’t been a “sweet moment” since this thing started. It’s been horrible. It hurts to see that the government ignored a lot of things in this case. I told them from the beginning that I am a citizen and showed them evidence, which they ignored. I think that if they would have paid attention I wouldn’t have spent three-and-a-half years in prison.

As far as the lawsuit goes, this case is not so much about money, it’s about justice. I don’t feel that there was justice served. And that’s what bothers me the most.

They claim the statute of limitations ran out while I was in jail. I have a GED (General Educational Diploma). I didn’t know at the time that I could have put in a lawsuit while fighting for my freedom. You have to think about it. I’m fighting not to be deported; I didn’t have a lawyer during that time. I didn’t have any legal representation. I didn’t know what was happening. The only thing I was trying to do was stay in the country and get out of prison.

NB: Can you describe how you were able to get out of that situation of being imprisoned and in the process of being deported?

DW: My case was in the Second Circuit, which had reversed the BIA (Board of Immigration Appeals) decision. They had granted me representation from a law firm, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher, which came on at the end of the case while I was incarcerated. They told me that I had done a good job [defending myself] so far and said they would work out some things for me. I thought the situation was improving.

Immediately, ICE started shipping me across the United States. They just told me “pack up.” Next thing you know, I’m on a plane, and then I’m pushed in a van and being dragged down a road in Louisiana. At this point, I didn’t know what was going on. I couldn’t get in contact with my lawyers; I couldn’t get in contact with anyone. Not even phone calls, nothing.

Finally, I ended up in Alabama. I was there for about three weeks in a facility in Etowah County. It was a facility where I was told they [would] try to “ship you off” in the middle of the night.

I had a cousin’s phone number I had memorized because we had been in communication so much through the whole ordeal. I eventually was able to call her to get word out and she got in touch with my lawyers.

Maybe a couple days after I made that call, I was told again to pack up, with no explanation of where I was going. They were like, “You’re free to go.” That was it. No explanation, no money, no identification, nothing. At that time, there was one bus that ran from the location where I was staying. By the time they let me out, the bus had already been gone for nearly two hours. So now I’m stranded, and that was just the beginning of things.

NB: How were you treated in these facilities?

DW: I must say that my treatment was very bad. From the beginning, when I produced my mother and father, my naturalization certificate, they ignored it. I was locked up in a cell for 23 hours a day, which is very difficult and definitely took a toll on me. It took something away from me.

Throughout that I fought because I knew I was fighting for what was right. There were many times that people told me, “Davino, just give up,” and I would say “No! This is not right, I cannot let this happen.”

There was an extreme level of racism shown toward me. My lawyers now see that and point it out. During the trial, my lawyer, Mark Flessner, told the judge that he’s been working in the Eastern District for years and has never seen that level of racism.

There was one deportation officer, and he came to my trial to testify [against me]. His name was Schraeder. At one point, I said to him: “You know what you’re doing to me is wrong and I’m going to win,” and he said, “I don’t care if you win because you’re just another nigger and all I’m going to do is replace you with somebody else.”

I think it boils down to the system. They had all the wrong information--the wrong mother, the wrong father, everything was wrong. I remember throughout the trial, the judge was looking at [the state’s attorneys] like, “How can you be this ignorant with this type of thing?”

I remember in 2007, I was in a downstate correctional facility and I was interviewed by ICE agents and gave them all the right information, so they had it all already but failed to investigate any of it. They had my mother and my father’s number, they could have called and asked about me, but they didn’t. Even when I got to Allegany County, near Buffalo, I submitted documents and they failed to even recognize them.

That showed me that they didn’t really care. They were like, “You’re just another black man, we’re just going to deport you, we don’t care about you or what you’ve got to say.”

One of the most disturbing things that happened was the deposition [at my trial]. A Mr. Joseph A. Marutollo and a Mr. James R. Chow were on the case for the government. They were both very disrespectful throughout the whole trial. During deposition they were asking me questions that had nothing to do with the case. They tried to assassinate my character, asking questions such as, “Why don’t you have kids? Do you have herpes?” and things like that.

We were discussing my being locked up. He [Marutollo] pulled out a handbook of the facility I was held at, with little pictures and things, and was like, “I looked at the facility; it doesn’t look that bad to me.” How can you say that? You’ve never even been there. I was locked up 23 hours a day! They tried to make it seem as though I didn’t suffer because the jail was clean!

I’m so emotional right now just thinking about it. I remember just crying, I mean crying in front of the whole court room about how I was being treated. I remember the judge. He must have slept through 80 percent of the trial. My lawyers can tell you that, he wasn’t listening to anything. I felt humiliated. I started drinking and got involved with drugs because it affected me so much and I didn’t know how to deal with these things. I mean, three-and-a-half years of my life, 23 hours a day in a cell. Who’s going to be normal after that?

They didn’t even apologize afterward. Nobody said “Davino, I’m sorry that this happened to you.” Nothing. Just one humiliation after another.

The government actually lied and committed perjury during the case. I’ve made mistakes in my life which I’m not proud of, but I’m also not a menace, which is what they were trying to paint me to be. They forged a document saying that while I was being detained, I was caught with contraband. They forged my name and signature [on the paper]. Why do that? Why sit there, as federal agents, and lie?

NB: It’s as if the state operates as a law unto itself.

DW: Yes. And the sad thing is that there are so many people like me in that system. They get taken advantage of because they don’t know any better. They don’t have the same luck that I had. There should be legal representation for immigrants as well.

NB: Do you have anything you’d like to say to the readers of this article that you’d like them to take from hearing your story?

DW: To never give up, to fight. America is what it is because we fought for what we believe in. I believe that the truth will come out about what happened to me. It’s a horrible story. I’m just a human being. I paid for my crimes and my mistakes. To do that twice, it’s insane. It’s something that I’m never going to get back. It changed my life forever.

I’ve been trying to get employment and I’ve been unsuccessful because, in my opinion, people don’t even need to run a background check, all they need to do is Google me and see that Watson pled guilty for drug possession ten years ago. I have a GoFundMe page. I’d like you to include that in the article so that I could get some support.

NB: Of course. Thank you for your time. We are going to make sure that your story gets seen and heard widely. You have a lot more support than you might realize.

DW: Thank you so much for giving me this time to tell my story.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.<|endoftext|>The change began nearly as soon as the Rockets' miserable 2015-16 season ended, but rarely has the turnaround been more obvious.

The side-by-side snapshots of the Rockets at the All-Star break, before and after looks of a team in turmoil and a team transformed, were striking.

Even with a dreary send-off loss to the Miami Heat on Wednesday, the Rockets reached this season's All-Star break at 40-18, moving to within one victory of their total of last season.

When James Harden boarded his flight from Portland to Toronto for last season's All-Star Game, the cloud over the Rockets was so dark that it threatened to ground air traffic.

"Everything's different," Harden said. "You can tell by our play, but on the court, off the court - the vibe, the relationships, communication - everything is different. As a result, the wins start racking up."

More Information Like night and day The Rockets enter the All-Star break with the fourth-best record in the NBA. Here's how they compared this time last season:

Read More

A year ago, the Rockets were led by interim coach J.B. Bickerstaff, who labeled them "a broken team." General manager Daryl Morey was shopping Dwight Howard but finding only offers of role players. Howard and Harden had met with Morey and Bickerstaff in the Moda Center locker room after a dispiriting loss to Portland dropped them to 27-28 and ninth in the Western Conference, solving little beyond sharing pledges to try.

"Right now, we're a broken team," Bickerstaff said that night. "It's easy to see. It's a fragmented bunch. You can't win that way."

The fun returns

Things had become so dysfunctional that former Rockets guard Jason Terry marched through the media room on the way to the locker room and shouted, "No chemistry with that group … horrible."

The Rockets reached this season's All-Star break with the NBA's fourth-best record. They headed to the break with a home loss, but when they said the usual things about using it to fuel a 24-game push to the postseason, the evidence of the season made that no longer sound like empty rhetoric.

"We've done well," guard Eric Gordon said. "We just got to continue to play that way. We're going to work on all of our mistakes as soon as we get back. We will work on the things we need to do to keep on winning a whole bunch of games. We'll be fine."

Beyond the quantifiable improvement since last season, there has been an attitude change Rockets players say is just as dramatic. More than that, they said the improvement in attitude and approach led to the improved record.

"It feels good," forward Corey Brewer said. "It's fun. Every day we come in, we're having fun. Last year was real stressful. Everybody was crazy. This year is happy, and that's a good thing."

"We've been playing well all year long. We had a couple ups and downs, but when we're healthy we've been playing really well. We stay together. We have a good group of guys. We like playing with each other. It's easy when you like playing with each other."

A year older, wiser

Brewer was not necessarily referring to the difference between this season and last. He had not been asked about the change since then. But no one could think of last season's Rockets as a team that liked playing with each other.

But there could be another change that influenced the attitude adjustment that followed.

"We're all getting older," guard Pat Beverley said. "There comes a time you prioritize different. You start wanting different things in life. We are blessed to have everything we wanted growing up - the money, the cars. But we have families now, it's all about trying to leave your legacy in winning. Our focus is different.

"Me and James, when we first got here four, five years ago, it's definitely different than how it is now. I think our (team) has grown and we want more than everything that comes with it. We want to be champions."

To get that done, they pledged to handle adversity better than a year ago when they opened the season with three 20-point losses that opened fissures the winning streak that followed could not repair.

A year ago, issues simmered, unresolved and often unaddressed even with the many team meetings.

The Rockets do not claim to have rolled through this season without issues, but their relationships are strong enough to take on problems and move on. They do not have a losing streak as long as the three-game crash that opened last season and have lost consecutive games twice.

"I don't think you can compare the two (seasons)," Trevor Ariza said. "Last year there were a lot of unknowns, a lot of uncertainty. This year, everybody knows what's going on. We know what our problems are. It's up to us to fix them. We address our problems straightaway."

Seek to improve depth

There also is a sense the Rockets have to get better. Morey has said he will look only to tinker with the roster at next week's trade deadline, hoping to improve depth rather than the starting lineup, but Rockets players and coaches have said they want to become consistent defensively and develop chemistry offensively.

Still, a year after the hope was to sneak into the playoffs, a goal they accomplished on the season's final day, the Rockets have greater aspirations.

"We're just trying to get better and keep playing well," Brewer said. "Teams know when they play us, it's not an easy win. We pride ourselves in the way we play, the way we shoot the ball and the way we're winning games. We think we're an elite team. We think we have a chance to win a championship."<|endoftext|>When the interviewer, John Dickerson, reminded Mr. Trump that this country has a tradition of not judging people based on heritage, the presumptive Republican nominee responded, “I’m not talking about tradition, I’m talking about common sense.”

Republicans who say they disagree with Mr. Trump’s racialist statements have tried to assuage the public by arguing that he doesn’t really believe those views. But if that’s the case, it is pretty cold comfort. Cynically choosing to equate ethnicity with bias is hardly more appealing than simply being ignorant or bigoted.

Let’s indulge Mr. Trump for a moment and consider what the court system would look like if litigants were permitted to wish away judges who had been born into immigrant families or families that practiced what the litigants regarded as the wrong faith.

Would exclusion be limited to first-generation Americans like Judge Curiel, who was born to Mexican immigrant parents, or would it be extended to his children, his grandchildren or even beyond? Would the exclusion of Muslims be limited to active practitioners of the faith or extended to descendants who were only vaguely religious or not religious at all? The answer, of course, is that once it started, the ethnic cleansing of the court system could be made to apply to any unpopular group at any time.

Mr. Trump is essentially arguing that his own bigoted attitude toward Mexicans has disqualified a respected jurist from hearing a court case in which he is a defendant. Under that bizarre logic, he could rationalize ruling out judges from every demographic group he has insulted or happens not to like. At the rate he’s going, there would soon be no person in the land left to judge him. Fortunately, the American legal system doesn’t work that way.<|endoftext|>Please enable Javascript to watch this video

KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- After investigating, the Kansas City Police Department confirmed a man once suspected of being a fake cop is actually one of its officers who was on duty when he questioned two Northland teenagers.

FOX 4 News was first to report the encounter, which happened Monday morning in Anita B. Gorman Park near NE Vivion Road and North Oak Trafficway.

Two 16-year-old girls filed a police report after what they and their parents considered a “suspicious search” by a man claiming to be a police officer.

The girls said they were off school for President’s Day and were parked in the park killing time before a movie, when a man dressed in a tactical vest with a silver badge patch and carrying a gun on his belt approached their car and accused them of smoking pot.

“Then he pulled out this scope,” one girl told FOX 4, “and he said I’ve been watching you, and it looked like you were smoking a pipe or something. We said ‘No,’ and he checked the entire car.”

The girls said they never saw his police car, and noticed the man wasn’t wearing a name tag. However, it’s what he did next that really made them question his status as a police officer.

They said he began searching their purses and stuck his hand in one of their front pockets to “look for drugs.”

Even after he didn’t find any evidence of marijuana, one girl said he snapped a picture of her ID on his cell phone. He then told them they were free to go and walked off, with no police car in sight.

“I thought he was a cop,” one girl said, “and I’ve always been able to trust police, but then he`s coming up, doing all these things, like accusing us… I felt very uncomfortable the entire time. It was just very off. We just knew the whole situation was not right.”

Finding out the man is a legitimate police officer did not do much to calm the concerns of one of the girl’s mothers, who is now considering filing a complaint with the police department.

Brian McCallister, a Kansas City attorney who is not involved with this case but specializes in police misconduct, agreed that contacting the Office of Citizens Complaints might be the best move.

He said if the girls felt uneasy, they were right to file a police report questioning this man’s identity and intentions.

“If as these girls have alleged that they weren’t doing anything,” he said, “and they thought these are really strange circumstances, they should be on high alert.”

McCallister said the officer reaching into their pockets without reasonable suspicion is a constitutional violation to a person’s privacy.

“It’s not legal for a police officer to do that,” he said.

McCallister also questioned the officer’s decision to use his cell phone to take a picture of one of the girls’ IDs, especially after he found no wrongdoing.

“It’s not typical at all,” he said, “and it’s certainly not something that Chief Forte would say that he teaches his police officers in Kansas City to take a picture of an ID. That’s not something that’s in the policies and procedures.”

A media unit representative with the police department told FOX 4 the officer in question is still on duty as they “continue to look into the matter.” They declined to answer any follow-up questions as they “are still gathering details.”<|endoftext|>Major League Gaming Partners with YouTube for MLG Vegas

3-Day Festival to be broadcast on MLG’s YouTube channel and MLG.tv

December 14, 2016 – Major League Gaming, a wholly owned subsidiary of Activision Blizzard, announced today a global partnership with YouTube for MLG Vegas to distribute live match broadcasts, news and analysis from the event on MLG’s YouTube channel in addition to MLG’s proprietary EVE player on MLG.tv.

MLG Vegas is a festival and fan experience taking place at the Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, Las Vegas, on December 16-18. The three-day event will play host to the first open event of the Call of Duty World League (CWL), as well as an Overwatch® invitational, and End Game – a special lifestyle event celebrating digital culture.

Friday will serve as the kickoff to the first CWL event of 2017, pitting 160 teams from around the globe in competition over 3 days for a share of the $100,000 prize pool.

The event will also play host to a $100,000 invitational tournament featuring Blizzard Entertainment’s Overwatch. Eight of the world’s best teams will do battle, pitting their diverse rosters of heroes armed with extraordinary weapons and incredible abilities against each other in pursuit of the crown.

YouTube will deliver a premium viewing experience to compliment MLG.tv’s premium fan viewing experience enabled via MLG’s proprietary EVE player.

Viewers can follow all the action at www.youtube.com/MajorLeagueGaming.

For more information on MLG Vegas, head to MLG.tv/Vegas or follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.<|endoftext|>Image caption First Minister Peter Robinson greets US envoy Gary Hart at Stormont Castle

Northern Ireland's first minister said he wants "encouragement but not direct involvement from the United States" during inter-party talks in Belfast.

Peter Robinson was speaking after his first meeting with the American envoy to the talks, former US senator Gary Hart.

Mr Hart is in Belfast to assist the latest attempt to deal with outstanding political issues, including flags, parades and the legacy of the Troubles.

Mr Robinson and Mr Hart also met Irish foreign minister Charlie Flanagan.

The first minister, who leads the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) said his discussions with Mr Flanagan addressed the issue of the Republic of Ireland's role in the talks.

Mr Robinson said: "I see that as being helpful when we're dealing with issues relating to north-south matters and we will be happy to engage, in terms of bi-laterals, with the Irish Republic on those matters.

However, he added: "When we are dealing with matters relating to Northern Ireland directly, then it has to be the United Kingdom government and the Northern Ireland parties that are involved."

Appointed by US secretary of state John Kerry, Mr Hart will also try to assist with the issue of welfare reform, which Mr Robinson warned still had the potential to bring down Northern Ireland's devolved government.

Mr Robinson said: "In terms of the meeting with Senator Hart, we covered the talks process, our view of the progress that is being made, the issues that need to be covered, and of course, we look for encouragement but not direct involvement from the United States, in terms of moving forward."

On Wednesday, Mr Hart met Sinn Féin, the SDLP, the UUP and the Alliance Party,.

After meeting with the US envoy on Thursday morning, Mr Flanagan said he would "play an important role in the talks process".

"Senator Hart is a man of great experience and ability and I am confident that along with the British and Irish governments, he will play a very constructive role in helping to resolve the current political impasse and build an enduring peace and a reconciled society."

'Early stage'

Sinn Féin MLA Jennifer McCann said Wednesday's meeting with Mr Hart was "positive and constructive".

"US support and involvement has been of crucial importance at various stages in the development of the peace and political processes," she said.

SDLP leader Alasdair McDonnell said his party had a "good meeting" with Mr Hart.

Following his meeting with Mr Hart, the Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt said the inter-party talks were at a "very early stage", but that the UUP had spent a "pleasant hour" with the former US senator discussing "some of the issues".

Earlier, Mr Hart promised to "listen closely" in his first meetings in the new round of talks.<|endoftext|>Boo! If the prospect of being scared out of your skin makes you clap your hands instead of cringing in the nearest corner, you’re not alone: Nearly 1.5 billion tickets to horror movies were sold in 2015 alone. Movie makers are always trying to push the envelope even as they revisit old, faithful formulas (The Woods, anyone?). But why do we love being scared so much? As Katerina Bantinaki explains, it’s all because of a careful dance between hedonism and control.

At first blush, feelings of negativity like disgust and fear would seem to be intrinsically unpleasant, writes Bantinaki. But even though people avoid those emotions in real life, it turns out they find pleasure in the thought of pain. That paradox has sparked all sorts of debate among academics, including a battle between those who think that horror is attractive because of the terror it elicits and those who think horror is attractive in spite of that terror.

Nearly 1.5 billion tickets to horror movies were sold last year alone. Why do we love being scared so much?

To tease out which is really true, you have to decide whether pleasure motivates people or not. A pleasure-motivated person would probably not choose to experience a negative emotion, let alone expose their loved ones to watch with them. But that itself would require that you can’t find pleasure in, say, the actions of a serial killer on screen.

Bantinaki suggests that the experience of being in at least some control—“Knowing, for instance, that I can leave the theater when I want, I can tolerate the queasiness that I feel watching the oozing slime on-screen”—translates into pleasure for horror movie enthusiasts. Even when the emotions and experiences elicited are gross, horrifying, or negative, the intensity of the experience can also be pleasant.

“The fear…that we experience in response to horror fiction, unlike its real life occurrences, is (or can be) a positive emotion,” she explains.

Bantinaki discusses emotional valence, a term used in psychology to refer the intrinsic attraction or aversion of a certain emotion. Also called “a basic building block of emotional life,” valence dictates how individuals respond to events and emotions. Fictional horror, writes Bantinaki, has a positive valence that reinforces itself. Perceived risk is controlled, strong emotional reactions are achieved, and terror never turns out to be true. “Whatever accompanying pleasures the fiction might provide,” writes Bantinaki, “we seek horror, I contend, primarily in the hope of the intense, positive emotional experience it affords us.”

Audiences used to chase those heightened emotions in, say, movie musicals, but cheap production values and people’s ongoing interest in feeling terrified make horror increasingly relevant. Whether or not you consider the genre to be one of cheap thrills, there’s something to be said for indulging in some emotionally valent (or just plain fun) fear the next time you go to the movies.<|endoftext|>NSW prop David Klemmer has revealed how close he came to joining the Wests Tigers after an attempt from best mate Aaron Woods to lure him away from Canterbury earlier in the season.

Woods and Klemmer, strangers before the 2014 City-Country game, have since become the closest of friends and have been inseparable in the past two NSW Origin camps, having been paired together as roommates.

Klemmer, who negotiated his own contract with the Bulldogs before signing a four-year deal with the club ths month, held several discussions with Woods about joining the joint venture club.

While the 22-year-old wouldn't have been able to land the type of money at the Tigers that he did at Canterbury with a deal in excess of $2 million for four years, Klemmer says he gave genuine thought to the possibility of leaving the Bulldogs to link with Woods.<|endoftext|>Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

AARON KILEY From the May 2014 Issue of Car and Driver

It is a certainty, death. And certainly, the automobile ranks among our favorite ways to court the Grim Reaper. Motor-vehicle accidents are the leading cause of death for people younger than 35 years old in the United States, and they continue to rank high throughout adulthood, ahead of gun violence and most diseases.

But cars are not the most dangerous method of transportation. Both commuter airlines and mass transit pose a greater risk of fatality per mile traveled. Much less shocking is that motorcycles are the single most dangerous method of getting from point A to B. And if you’re looking for the lowest chance of meeting an untimely demise, a seat behind the wheel of a big rig—protected by all that mass and metal—is the place to be.

We culled the data that follows from the 505-page National Transportation Statistics report published by the Department of Transportation. If you’d like to waste several afternoons, download the report.

The Circle(s) of Death

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Average fatality rates per 100 million miles, 2000–2011

1 Light trucks are defined as those less than 10,000 pounds gross vehicle weight rating, including pickups, vans, and SUVs. Large trucks are more than 10,000 pounds GVWR. 2 Transit bus refers to local service on fixed routes; light rail refers to streetcars, tramways, and trolleys; heavy rail includes subways and similar electric rail service; commuter rail is electric or diesel rail service between suburbs and a central city (all transit data 2000–2008). 3 Train data includes both freight and passenger railroad operations.

The Bigger They Are

2011 fatalities by motor-vehicle type

2011 Fatal Crashes By . . . *

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Land, See Air

- injuries by year, 2000–2011

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Maybe Portland is Right

2011 motor-vehicle fatalities

Somewhere, Nader is Saying He Told Us So

Front seatbelts became mandatory equipment in 1968. Automotive safety regulations enacted over the past five decades may not have made cars more fun, but they have definitely curtailed the bloodshed. In raw numbers, the 32,367 motor-vehicle fatalities in 2011 don’t seem that much lower than 1960’s 36,399. But those crashing Corvairs and Continentals covered much less ground than do today’s cars. The total miles driven in 1960 amounted to roughly 719 billion, compared with 2.9 trillion in 2011, resulting in a drop in the fatality rate from more than 5 per 100 million vehicle miles to just more than 1.

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Take The Bus

2011 transportation fatalities

34.9% Passenger-car occupants

27.0% Light-truck occupants

13.4% Motorcyclists

12.9% Pedestrians struck by motor vehicles

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

02.2% Recreational boating

02.0% Bicyclists struck by motor vehicles

01.8% Large-truck occupants

01.5% Other and unknown motor-vehicle occupants

01.3% General aviation

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

01.2% Railroad trespassers (excluding grade crossings)

00.6% Other non-occupants struck by motor vehicles

00.3% Highway-rail grade crossings, not involving motor vehicles

00.2% Heavy-rail transit (subway)

00.2% Bus occupants

Advertisement - Continue Reading Below

00.5% All others<|endoftext|>By EMS1 Staff

NEW YORK — The parents of a murdered woman are suing Facebook for refusing to remove photos of their daughter's strangled body posted by a paramedic.

Paramedic Mark Musarella was one of the first on the scene after Caroline Wimmer was found strangled in her apartment on Staten Island, N.Y., two years ago. She was found by her parents with a hair-dryer cord wrapped around her neck.

Related article Ex-NYC EMT admits posting corpse photo on Facebook

Musarella snapped photos of dead woman with his cell phone camera, which he then uploaded to the social site.

He pleaded guilty last year to official misconduct and was fired by the hospital where he worked. Under the terms of his plea deal, he was ordered to complete 200 hours of community service and is barred from ever working as an EMT again.

But now a civil suit has been slapped on him, as well as on Facebook by the parents of Caroline Wimmer, according to various reports.

"Mark Musarella only got 200 hours of community service, and my daughter's picture is somewhere on the Internet and nobody can get it back to me," Wimmer said according to the New York Daily News.

A spokesperson from Facebook told WCBS, "We haven't been served or seen the complaint so we have no comment at this time."<|endoftext|>Image caption Chinese authorities have been trying to curb excessive lending

China's central bank has pumped $5bn (£3.1bn) into the banking system to ease concerns over a credit squeeze that has caused rising interest rates.

The People's Bank of China did not explain its actions, but over the last few days there has been growing concern over the availability of credit.

That has been reflected in the interest rates banks charge each other.

On Monday one important benchmark rate rose to its highest level since June, the height of China's credit crunch.

The seven day bond repurchase rate hit 8.93% but fell back to 6.56% after the central bank added funds to the banking system.

Analysts are blaming China's current cash crunch on a number of factors.

In a process known as "window dressing" banks typically conserve cash at the end of the year to keep their balance sheets looking healthy.

Tighter conditions

However this year they have been doing that in a different financial environment.

Chinese authorities have been trying to discourage excessive lending by curbing official credit lines and slowing government spending.

"The banks are being forced to adapt to regulatory changes - so they are being forced to hold additional capital. Banks that have been used to operating on very easy and loose conditions are now finding that those conditions are starting tighten," said Jeremy Stretch, market strategist at CIBC.

"Authorities are fearing that this is causing a scramble for cash and that is pushing up the rates and so they are being forced to inject some money into the system," he said.

In June banks suffered a more serious credit squeeze and the benchmark interbank lending rate jumped to a record 13.4%.<|endoftext|>Robert Stone's Nuclear Power Doc 'Pandora's Promise' Acquired by CNN Films for Fall 2013 Broadcast

CNN Films announced today that it has acquired Robert Stone’s upcoming nuclear power documentary “Pandora’a Promise.” The film, which premiered at Sundance earlier this year, will be broadcast by the network in November following its theatrical release on June 12.

While the use of the atomic bomb and nuclear accidents have shaped a global understanding of nuclear power as a destructive and dangerous force, Stone’s film aims to provide an alternate understanding of how these fears have prevented nuclear power from advancing on energy use and preventing the continuation of the use of fossil fuels. It features interviews with environmentalists and energy experts who have spoken out against the worldwide fear of nuclear energy, as well as exploring the aftereffects inside exclusion zones in Fukushima and Chernobyl.

“‘Pandora’s Promise’ should inspire broad discussion on the fundamental issues of economic and social disparities and environmental risks,” CNN’s Amy Entelis said on the acquisition. “This is precisely the type of challenging debate we had hoped for when we conceived the mission for CNN Films.”

The acquisition deal was negotiated by Dan Cogan of Impact Partners and Andrew Herwitz of the Film Sales Company on the behalf of the filmmakers.

Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.<|endoftext|>As we predicted a few days ago DIRECTV NOW added Hearst-owned NBC affiliates including Sacramento, Cincinnati, Orlando, Baltimore, and more last night.

Now keep in mind DIRECTV NOW has been rolling out locals as they are ready. This does not mean every Hearst-owned NBC affiliate will go live today but that they will be added. Hearst Television owns 12 NBC affiliates and a host of other stations around the United States.

At the start of October DIRECTV NOW offered at least one live local in 75% of the United States. DIRECTV NOW has recently been adding many NBC and even some FOX affiliates and has likely driven that number even higher.

Earlier this year NBC struck a deal with their affiliates allowing them to negotiate with live TV services on behalf of most of their affiliates. Now it looks like we have started to see these affiliates go live on services such as Hulu and DIRECTV NOW as part of this deal.

It will still be a slow process because this is not about just flipping a switch. Equipment needs to be installed at the affiliates and a secure connection made among other issues that need to be addressed. According to unofficial sources DIRECTV’s satellite service and streaming services are not located in the same area forcing them to have a separate connection to the local affiliates; however, DIRECTV NOW has been adding new locals almost weekly for about a month now.

Please follow us on Facebook and Twitter for more news, tips, and reviews.

Need cord cutting tech support? Join our new Cord Cutting Tech Support Facebook Group for help.<|endoftext|>Memories long consigned to oblivion get re-ignited by stray events. The controversy following the mention of the assassination of Mahatma Gandhi by Nathuram Vinayak Godse on 30 January 1948 at Birla House, Delhi, brought back memories of a discussion with one of the finest individuals this columnist has ever met, Astad Dinshaw Gorwala. Then in his teens, the gap of half a century between this columnist and Gorwala did not prevent a friendship where the college student spent several late afternoons at the former civil servant's apartment in (what was then named) Ridge Road in Mumbai, talking about a country that seemed to be moving towards a direction undeserving of the genius and qualities of its people. White-haired, passionate about wrongs both real and perceived, Gorwala in effect held a series of lecture classes for a single student on the country's leaders and their shortcomings. His writing was fierce, so much so that Jawaharlal Nehru ensured that his column got stopped in the Times of India. Not finding — or trusting — any existing newspaper to carry his views sans censorship, Gorwala launched Opinion in 1960, a journal to which this columnist contributed a few articles before it was stopped in 1975 after the declaration of the Emergency, but not before its editor had penned a sharp rebuke of Indira Gandhi. Gorwala was impeccable in his conduct, whether in office or out of it, but saw clearly that not all his former colleagues in the ICS favoured that difficult path. One of his edits was headlined "Liengar", a commentary on then RBI Governor H.V.R. Iyengar, who had clearly been responsible for some action seen by Gorwala as indefensible.

During an afternoon spent discussing the points that could be made in an article, Gorwala became silent, and disappeared into his own thoughts for many minutes. After a pause, he began speaking very slowly and deliberately of a conversation he had had in 1949 with a police officer about the murder of Mahatma Gandhi. According to this official, British authorities were aware of the plan by Nathuram Godse and his associates to kill the Mahatma, yet did nothing about it. Indeed, they were asked to ignore the developing plot, which had been reported by them to "the highest authority", which would mean Governor-General Lord Louis Mountbatten. Gorwala recounted what the police official (who was a Briton) had told him, which was that they were ordered to keep information secret (about the Godse plot) from Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and Home Minister Ballabhbhai Patel. Interestingly, Godse had come close to killing the Mahatma four years earlier, when, armed with a knife, he stalked him during a meeting, only to be pushed away by a policeman. And ten days before Gandhiji met his end, Godse's friends were caught while detonating a guncotton bomb, and had their room searched and themselves tailed.

After the Mahatma was assassinated, the officer and his mates were warned by a superior not to mention the warnings or the surveillance. His presumption was that the concealment was ordered in order to avoid the obloquy that would ensue should it become known that Gandhiji could have been saved, but many years later, Gorwala had a different theory.

In his view, a cold-blooded decision may have been taken that the Mahatma was now expendable and that his sudden death would weaken the position of Home Minister Patel, whom the British disliked for his post-1947 firmness in rejecting views seen as less than fair to India's interests. Was Prime Minister Nehru told of the plot? Gorwala was no admirer of India's first Prime Minister, but he was certain that Nehru had been kept in the dark. "The English knew that Panditji's emotion usually got the best of his intellect in any encounter with the facts." Nehru loved Gandhiji and would never have allowed him to die. Neither would Patel have, had he known of the plot in the detail mentioned by the police officer. But then Gorwala felt he was perhaps being unfair on the British, a race he respected, so he gave the police officer's alternative view, which was that the few in the know simply refused to believe that Nathuram Godse would actually see the plot through, and therefore did not take him seriously. However, the official claimed that Godse had been shadowed by plainclothes police on his way to Birla House, and that his procurement of a Beretta semi-automatic revolver became known to the Intelligence Bureau before 30 January.

The excuse, that Mountbatten spoke off the cuff when he shouted out that "it was a Hindu who did it", has been accepted by all, so incurious are we about our history. But the Viceroy was known to have a military punctiliousness, and was not given to wild conjectures.

How was the Governor-General sure that it was a Hindu who killed Gandhiji just minutes after the assassination, when nothing was certain except that a titan had fallen? Whether it be the murder of the Mahatma or the manner of the death of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, successive governments in India have refused to allow citizens to look beyond the canned explanations of sarkari historians or the official recounters of events. The death of the Mahatma at the hands of a Hindu became the excuse to make India the only democracy where discrimination against the majority community has become the norm.<|endoftext|>Today, the U.S. U-17 MNT were crowned champions of the 2016 Nike International Friendlies after capping off an undefeated tournament today with a 3-0 sweep of Brazil.

Leading the team in scoring for the tournament along with two other U.S. teammates, was Atlanta United’s own Andrew Carleton. The Atlanta Homegrown started all three matches, scoring two in the opening 7-1 rout of Portugal and followed up by netting twice again in their second matchup against Turkey, which included both the equalizer and the go-ahead strike that eventually lead to a 5-1 victory. Some would say he’s on fire (see below)

Between signing an MLS Homegrown contract, showcasing Atlanta United’s first ever kit, receiving NCSAA Player of the Year, and tallying 12 goals for his country, Carleton will always remember 2016 as a major milestone in his career… and keep in mind, he’s only 16-years-young.<|endoftext|>Please enable Javascript to watch this video

Season 2 of "Shadowhunters" is on the way, and it's going to pick back up right where Season 1 left off. Screener has an exclusive sneak peek at Season 2, and where all of our characters stand when the story continues.

Jace (Dominic Sherwood) is still the unwilling prisoner of his father, Valentine (Alan Van Sprang) -- and despite pledging his loyalty to Valentine's mission, he's not exactly on the same page as his demented dad.

"He's kind of lost in this place of -- he doesn't know who he is," Sherwood says. "He really does have to choose the light side or the dark."

RELATED: Harry Shum Jr.: Malec is in for some ‘confusion’ in ‘Shadowhunters’ Season 2

Meanwhile, Clary (Katherine McNamara) is dealing with having her mother back in her life, which certainly changes up the power dynamic we saw in Season 1. Instead of these kids operating on their own with little to no oversight, Clary will now have to contend with both Luke (Isaiah Mustafa) and Jocelyn (Maxim Roy) trying to keep her safe and out of shadowhunter affairs.

Hopefully they can split some of their parenting duties between Clary and Simon (Alberto Rosende), who will probably need a parent figure in his new downworlder life to help him find his way.

One thing we're seriously looking forward to, of course, is how Magnus and Alec's relationship with unfold in Season 2. If we're picking up right where we left off, Magnus and Alec still have a lot of things to discuss about their relationship.

First and foremost, when do they get to go on an actual date?

"Shadowhunters" premieres Jan. 2, 2017 at 8p.m. ET/PT on Freeform.<|endoftext|>In what Daniel Ek, Spotify’s founder and chief executive, described as “the biggest change to Spotify since our launch”, users will be able to create a Spotify Music Profile, add friends within Spotify or import their Facebook friend list and browse their friends’ music collections.

“One of the good things about filesharing was that it enabled people with separate music taste to connect and to discover music through browsing their collection,” Daniel Ek, Spotify’s co-founder and chief executive, told the Telegraph. “What we’ve found out is that people discover more music because it is social and they trust their friends more than they trust a stranger, obviously, but they also trust people with similar music taste.”

A new inbox will collate songs shared by friends and a Facebook-style activity feed shows playlists that friends have created. Users will also be able to publish their Spotify Music Profile anywhere on the web.

In addition to the social elements of the upgrade, Spotify is also adding the ability to synchronise a user’s personal music collection with the service. As well as playing all their music from within Spotify, a user will be able to use Spotify to plug gaps in their collection - for example, streaming a whole album even if they own just one song from it.

“You can now use Spotify as your primary music source - and only music source,” Ek said. “Not only that but it’s connected in the sense that people can see your music connection and you can see their music collection.”<|endoftext|>The 'Starbucks of Taiwan' set to debut first Houston outpost

85C Bakery Café will debut at 9750 Bellaire Blvd. Friday, July 7, in a 5,866-square-foot Sterling Center space. 85C Bakery Café will debut at 9750 Bellaire Blvd. Friday, July 7, in a 5,866-square-foot Sterling Center space. Image 1 of / 35 Caption Close The 'Starbucks of Taiwan' set to debut first Houston outpost 1 / 35 Back to Gallery

UPDATE: The cafe is now open. Have you tried it yet? Let us know how you liked it in the comments below.

A hugely popular pastry cafe chain dubbed the "Starbucks of China" is about to gain a Lone Star State address.

85C Bakery Café will debut at 9750 Bellaire Blvd. on July 7, in a 5,866-square-foot Sterling Center space.

While this will mark the company's first foray into the Houston-area market, it will be the chain's 1,000th location worldwide. There are other Texas outposts, however, Houston's store will be significantly larger with an expansive outdoor patio.

COMING SOON: Chef-driven dining hall coming to downtown Houston

Expect Taiwanese drinks and desserts that include cakes, macarons and other sweet breads. There also will be a limited selection of savory menu items.

Doors will open at at 10 a.m., but it's likely there will be a line of eager customers well ahead of that.<|endoftext|>Ministers have bowed to pressure and released a controversial official report calling for a tax of up to 20 per cent on sugary drinks and foods.

The study by Public Health England (PHE) says the NHS could save £15bn and save almost 80,000 lives in a generation by taking measures to wean the public off its sweet tooth.

The report warns that today’s children and teenagers are consuming three times the recommended level of sugar, with adults faring almost as badly.

The dossier was the subject of fierce rows, revealed by the Telegraph , sets out the case for higher taxes on sugary foods, which the Prime Minister opposes.

The dossier says such taxes have worked in five other countries, with some methods reducing consumption of fizzy drinks by up to one quarter.

However, the report says a ban on advertising of junk foods during family television viewing, and restrictions on marketing and cut-price promotions could do more to address the country’s bulging waistlines.

It also calls for the removal of sweets, chocolate and fizzy drinks from supermarket tills and ends of aisles, with research showing sales can be up to 50 per cent higher from such areas.

The Prime Minister’s spokesman confirmed that David Cameron does not favour the introduction of a sugar tax, though he has yet to read the report. But he signalled interest in other proposals being put forward, such as restrictions on advertising.

The report was suddenly published on Thursday afternoon, amid mounting criticism of ministers’ refusal to allow it into the public domain.

Until now, the Health Secretary had refused to publish the findings, originally due for publication last July, saying they would be released alongside a forthcoming childhood obesity strategy.

"The Prime Minister's view remains that he doesn't see a need for a tax on sugar" Number 10 spokesman

The report, released amid growing arguments about the case for a sugar tax, warns that today’s children and teenagers are consuming three times the recommended level of sugar, with adults faring almost as badly.

It is scathing about the tactics employed by firms to exploit “loopholes” in current marketing rules which are supposed to protect children from junk food promotion.

Earlier this week, Dr Alison Tedstone, PHE chief nutritionist, criticised rules which ban the use of existing cartoon characters to promote unhealthy food, but allow companies to invent characters – such as the Kelloggs' Coco Pops monkey – to appeal to children.

The report calls for restrictions on the use of such characters, which were found to have a key role in triggering "emotional responses" from young children, making it harder for parents to deny them such foods. It also criticises the rise of “advergames” – online games placed on social media sites, apps and company websites, to make brands appeal to children.

And it says current rules which ban adverts of junk food during children’s television do not go far enough, with restrictions needed on all programmes which children might watch.

All age groups are consuming far more sugar than the current recommendation to limit it to five per cent of calorie intake, the study says.

For children and teens, sugar now makes up 15 per cent of intake, while for adults it is 12 per cent.

If new measures reduced sugar intake in line with the recommendations, more than 77,000 deaths could be prevented in the next 25 years – while the NHS could save almost £15bn, the forecasts say.

The dossier says a recently introduced 10 per cent tax on sugary drinks in Mexico, which has escalating rates of obesity, had resulted in an average 6 per cent drop in purchases in the first few months.

But it said marketing strategies could have a still greater impact, with “end of aisle” display locations in supermarkets seen to increase sales by as much as 50 per cent.

One of the studies found that a 35 per cent tax on regular soft drinks resulted in a reduction in sales of regular soft drinks by 26 per cent, with most people switching to diet versions.

And PHE makes the case for a national programme to reduce sugar content in every day food and drinks, and to introduce reductions in portion sizes.

The British Medical Association, Action on Sugar, and the Faculty of Public Health are among those calling for the introduction of a tax.

Tim Lang, professor of food policy at City University, said the publication of the evidence “pins the government into an uncomfortably tight corner” and would be a test case of whether decisions about public health are led by evidence or “political whim”.

The Food and Drink Federation (FDF) said it would oppose the introduction of any such tax, but was already working on plans to restrict advertising to children.

Duncan Selbie, chief executive of PHE said the decision to publish the report now came from ministers after a “firm decision” was taken to publish the childhood obesity strategy in the new year, later than originally planned.

Dr Sarah Wollaston, chairman of the Commons Health Select committee, had repeatedly called on Mr Hunt to allow publication of the report, ahead of an inquiry by MPs into childhood obesity, which held its final hearing earlier this week.

Having accused the Health Secretary and health officials of causing “immense damage” by delaying publication, she said last night that she was “delighted” by the publication of the evidence review, which she and fellow MPs would now scrutinise closely.

Graham MacGregor, professor of cardiovascular medicine at the Wolfson Institute of Preventive Medicine in London and chairman of the campaign group Action on Sugar, said the "skullduggery" at the Department of Health to "conceal" its findings was "unbelievable".

Prof MacGregor said a tax would encourage food industry to reformulate products, to drive down their sugar content.

"We need to get the tax in place. It's a mechanism to get the industry to comply to reformulation. The industry hates taxes because it reduces consumption, whereas reformulation with salt has not reduced sales for them."

• Health officials back a sugar tax - and want the Coco Pops monkey banned

• Jamie Oliver: I don't think a sugar tax has been written off

A Number 10 spokesman made clear that Mr Cameron does not want a sugar tax to feature in the Government's national obesity strategy, to be published in the new year, telling reporters: "The Prime Minister's view remains that he doesn't see a need for a tax on sugar."

Ian Wright, director general of the Food and Drink Federation said: “The food and drink industry is determined to play its part in tackling childhood obesity. Steps are already in hand to ensure that high fat, salt and sugar foods will not be advertised to children.

"Likewise, the industry has already removed millions of calories from the food chain and will continue to make progress on this through reformulation and changes to portion/pack sizes.

“It may also be possible, by negotiation, to improve the definition of ‘high sugar foods’ as the report suggests.

“However we do not agree that the international evidence supports the introduction of a sugar tax and for this reason would oppose such a move.”

The British Medical Association (BMA) said it wanted to see the tax introduced.

Professor Sheila Hollins, BMA board of science chair, said: “Doctors are increasingly concerned about the impact of poor diet, which is responsible for up to 70,000 deaths a year, and has the greatest impact on the NHS budget, costing £6bn annually.

“We urge the Government to give real and urgent consideration to Public Health England’s recommendations including restricting the marketing of high-sugar products, reducing promotions of sugary food and drink, and introducing a 10-20 per cent sugar tax.

“While sugar-sweetened drinks are very high in calories they are of limited nutritional value and when people in the UK are already consuming far too much sugar, we are increasingly concerned about how they contribute towards conditions like diabetes."

The PHE report states: "We are eating too much sugar and it is bad for our health. Consuming too many foods and drinks high in sugar can lead to weight gain and related health problems, as well as tooth decay.

"Almost 25 per cent of adults, 10 per cent of 4 to 5 year olds and 19 per cent of 10 to 11 year olds in England are obese, with significant numbers also being overweight. Treating obesity and its consequences alone currently costs the NHS £5.1bn every year," it continues.

Dr Julian Hamilton-Shield, Professor of Diabetes and Metabolic Endocrinology, University of Bristol, said: “As a doctor who has spent over 15 years treating morbid childhood obesity and its consequences, I welcome this report that targets a series of levers designed to reduce sugar consumption in the whole population but more importantly children.

I especially welcome the suggestions for reducing price promotion of sugar containing foods, reduced targetting of children through advertising and the suggested taxation of sugar containing beverages which should be at the higher level suggested of 20 per cent."

Sugar should be treated in the same way tobacco had been tackled, he suggested.

"No one can really doubt the harm sugar containing drinks do to children: they rot their teeth and likely make them obese and at risk of later type 2 diabetes. If a tax is needed to reduce sugar consumption, I am right behind it. No one complains about tobacco taxation: sugar should be treated the same way.”

Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver, who had criticised the failure to publish the findings, welcomed the report.

"I'm excited and relieved that we finally got to see Public Health England's courageous, forward-thinking report and its excellent recommendations such as a proposed sugar levy, cutting down on the advertising of high-sugar food, all of which are powerful weapons in improving our children's health," he said.

"Doctors, dentists, scientists, a large and growing percentage of the British public and many in the media are calling for action. The ball is firmly in the government’s court."

Nine in 10 British adults say individuals should take responsibility for preventing unhealthy habits, compared to just 25 per cent who believe the government has a significant role to play. The poll of 2,000 Britons by Royal Philips came as a poll of senior health workers by the Royal Society of Public Health for ITV news found 70 per cent support a sugar tax.

The key recommendations:

Reduce price promotions in all shops and restaurants, including two-for-one deals Clampdown on advertising of all sugary products, across all media, including online, and across “the full range of programmes children are likely to watch” not just those labelled as children’s television New rules on marketing of high sugar food and drinks, including banning them from supermarket till areas and “end of aisle” positions Changes in the way food is produced, to reduce sugar content plus new rules to bring down portion size A tax of between 10 and 20 per cent on high sugar food and drinks

Source: PHE: Sugar Reduction: The evidence for action<|endoftext|>Without question, the legal system is the one facet of society that supposedly requires state provision. Even such champions of laissez-faire as Milton Friedman and Ludwig von Mises believed a government must exist to protect private property and define the "rules of the game."

However, their arguments focused on the necessity of law itself. They simply assumed that the market is incapable of defining and protecting property rights. They were wrong.

In this essay, I argue that the elimination of the state will not lead to lawless chaos. Voluntary institutions will emerge to effectively and peacefully[2] resolve the disputes arising in everyday life. Not only will market law be more efficient; it will also be more equitable than the government alternative.

Just as right-wing hawks embrace the Orwellian notion that War is Peace, left-wing egalitarians believe that Slavery is Freedom.[3] The hawks wage endless war to end war, while the social democrats engage in massive theft — or "taxation" as they call it — to eliminate crime.

It is high time to abandon such monstrous paradoxes. It took no king to produce language, money, or science, and it takes no government to produce a just legal system.

Contract

First, we must abandon the idea of a mythical "law of the land." There doesn't need to be a single set of laws binding everyone. In any event, such a system never existed. The laws in each of the 50 states are different, and the difference in legal systems between countries is even more pronounced. Yet we go about our daily lives, and even visit and do business with foreign nations, without too much trouble.

All actions in a purely free society[4] would be subject to contract. For example, it is currently a crime to steal, because the legislature says so. A prospective employer knows that if I steal from his firm, he can notify the government and it will punish me.

But in a stateless society there wouldn't be a legislated body of laws, nor would there be government courts or police. Nonetheless, employers would still like some protection from theft by their employees. So before hiring an applicant, the employer would make him sign a document[5] that had clauses to the effect of, "I promise not to steal from the Acme Firm. If I get caught stealing, as established by Arbitration Agency X, then I agree to pay whatever restitution that Agency X deems appropriate."

We immediately see two things in this contract. First, it is completely voluntary; any "laws" binding the employee have been acknowledged by him, beforehand. Second, the existence of Arbitration Agency X ensures fairness and objectivity in any disputes.

To see this, suppose that it didn't. Suppose that a big firm bribed the arbitrators at Agency X, so that lazy workers (who were going to be fired anyway) were (falsely) charged by the employers with embezzlement, while Agency X always ruled "guilty." With this scheme, the big firm could bilk thousands of dollars from its bad employees before terminating them. And since the hapless employees had agreed beforehand to abide by the arbitration outcome, they could do nothing about it.[6]

But upon consideration, it's easy to see that such behavior would be foolish. Just because an arbitration agency ruled a certain way wouldn't make everyone agree with it, just as people complain about outrageous court rulings by government judges. The press would pick up on the unfair rulings, and people would lose faith in the objectivity of Agency X's decisions. Potential employees would think twice before working for the big firm, as long as it required (in its work contracts) that people submitted to the suspect Agency X.

Other firms would patronize different, more reputable arbitration agencies, and workers would flock to them. Soon enough, the corrupt big firm and Arbitration Agency X would suffer huge financial penalties for their behavior.

Under market anarchy, all aspects of social intercourse would be "regulated" by voluntary contracts. Specialized firms would probably provide standardized forms so that new contracts wouldn't have to be drawn up every time people did business. For example, if a customer bought something on installment, the store would probably have him sign a form that said something to the effect, "I agree to the provisions of the 2002 edition Standard Deferred Payment Procedures as published by the Ace legal firm."

Expertise

Under this system, legal experts would draft the "laws of the land," not corrupt and inept politicians. And these experts would be chosen in open competition with all rivals. Right now one can buy "definitive" style manuals for writing term papers, or dictionaries of the English language. The government doesn't need to establish the "experts" in these fields. It would be the same way with private legal contracts. Everybody knows the "rules" of grammar just like everyone would know what's "legal" and what isn't.

Murder

Of course, one of the most basic stipulations in any contractual relationship — whether entering a mall or living in a neighborhood co-op — would be strong prohibitions on murder. In other words all contracts of this type would have a clause saying, "If I am found guilty of murder I agree to pay $y million to the estate of the deceased." Naturally, no one would sign such a contract unless he were sure that the trial procedures used to determine his guilt or innocence had a strong presumption of innocence; nobody would want to be found guilty of a murder he didn't commit. But on the other hand, the procedures would have to be designed so that there were still a good chance that guilty people would actually be convicted, since people don't want to shop in malls where murder goes unpunished.

And, because all contracts of this sort (except possibly in very eccentric areas frequented by people who liked to live dangerously) would contain such clauses, one could say that "murder is illegal" in the whole anarchist society, even though the evidentiary rules and penalties might differ from area to area. But this is no different from our current system,[7] and no one doubts that "murder is illegal" in the current United states.

Profitability the Standard

The beauty of this system is that the competing desires of everyone are taken into account. The market solves this problem everyday in reference to other goods and services. For example, it would be very convenient for customers if a deli were open 24 hours a day. But on the other hand, such long shifts would be very tedious for its workers. So the market system of profit-and-loss determines the "correct" hours of operation.

In the same way, we saw above how evidentiary rules would be determined under a system of private law. Because people would be submitting themselves contractually to the rulings of a certain arbitration agency, the agency would need a reputation for objectivity and fairness to defendants. But on the other hand, the owners of stores, firms, rental cars, etc. would want some means of restitution in the event of theft, and so the arbitration agencies couldn't be too lenient. As with the hours of a store's operation, so too would the legal procedures be decided by the profit and loss test. Maybe there would be juries, maybe there wouldn't. We can't predict this beforehand, just as we can't say a priori how many tricycles "should" be made this year; we let the market take care of it, automatically.

Insurance

The contractual system described above seems to work well, except for one nagging problem: How can people afford to pay these outrageous fines? Granted, someone might sign a piece of paper, pledging restitution to his employer if he is caught stealing. But suppose he steals anyway, and is found guilty by the arbitration agency, but has no money. Then what?

Well, how does our present system of auto damages work? Right now, if I sideswipe someone, I must pay a stiff penalty. Or rather, my insurance company does.

It would be the same way with all torts and crimes under the system I've described. An insurance company would act as a guarantor (or cosigner) of a client's contracts with various firms. Just as a bank uses experts to take depositors' money and efficiently allocate it to borrowers, so too would the experts at the insurance company determine the risk of a certain client (i.e., the likelihood he or she would violate contracts by stealing or killing) and charge an appropriate premium. Thus, other firms wouldn't have to keep tabs on all of their customers and employees; the firms' only responsibility would be to make sure everyone they dealt with carried a policy with a reputable insurance agency.

Under this system, the victims of a crime are always paid, immediately. (Contrast this to the government system, where victims usually get nothing except the satisfaction of seeing the criminal placed behind bars.) There would also be incentives for people to behave responsibly. Just as reckless drivers pay higher premiums for car insurance, so too would repeat offenders be charged higher premiums for their contract insurance.

And why would the person with criminal proclivities care about his insurance company? Well, if he stopped paying his premiums, his coverage would be dropped. With no one to underwrite his contractual obligations, such a person would make a very poor customer or employee. People wouldn't hire him or trust him to browse through a china shop, since there would be no "legal" recourse if he did anything "criminal." In order to get by in society, it would be extremely useful to keep one's insurance coverage by always paying the premiums. And that means it would be in one's great interest to refrain from criminal activity, since that would be the way to keep premiums down.

Admittedly, such arguments seem fanciful. But they are no more far-fetched than the modern credit-card system. People have huge lines of credit advanced to them, sometimes only by filling out a form, and it is extremely easy to engage in credit-card fraud. A prodigal may run up a huge bill and simply refuse to pay it, yet in most cases nothing physical will happen to him. But most people don't behave in such an irresponsible manner, because they don't want to ruin their credit history. If they do, they know they'll forever more be cut off from this wonderful tool of the capitalist society.

Prison

We have now established that a system of voluntary, contractual law can be imagined theoretically, and would even work in a society populated with self-interested but ultimately rational people.

But what about the really tough cases? What about the incorrigible bank robber, or the crazed ax murderer? Surely there will always be deviant, antisocial individuals who, through malice or ignorance, ignore the incentives and commit crimes. How would a system of market anarchy deal with such people?

First, keep in mind that wherever someone is standing in a purely libertarian[8] society, he would be on somebody's property. This is the way in which force could be brought to bear on criminals without violating their natural rights.

For example, the contract[9] of a movie theater would have a clause to the effect, "If I am judged guilty of a crime by a reputable arbitration agency [perhaps listed in an Appendix], I release the theater owner from any liability should armed men come to remove me from his property."

So we see that it is not a contradiction to use force to capture fugitives in a completely voluntary society. All such uses would have been authorized by the recipients themselves beforehand.[10]

But where would these ne'er-do-wells be taken, once they were brought into "custody"? Specialized firms would develop, offering high-security analogs to the current jailhouse. However, the "jails" in market anarchy would compete with each other to attract criminals.

Consider: No insurance company would vouch for a serial killer if he applied for a job at the local library, but they would deal with him if he agreed to live in a secure building under close scrutiny. The insurance company would make sure that the "jail" that held him was well-run. After all, if the person escaped and killed again, the insurance company would be held liable, since it pledges to make good on any damages its clients commit.

On the other hand, there would be no undue cruelty for the prisoners in such a system. Although they would have no chance of escape (unlike government prisons), they wouldn't be beaten by sadistic guards. If they were, they'd simply switch to a different jail, just as travelers can switch hotels if they view the staff as discourteous. Again, the insurance company (which vouches for a violent person) doesn't care which jail its client chooses, so long as its inspectors have determined that the jail will not let its client escape into the general population.

Doubts

Although superficially coherent and workable, the proposed system of market law will certainly engender skepticism. In the interest of brevity, I will deal with some common (and valid) concerns.[11]

"What about someone who has no insurance?"

If an individual didn't carry insurance, other people would have no guaranteed recourse should the individual damage or steal their property. Such an individual would therefore be viewed with suspicion, and people would be reluctant to deal with him except for single transactions involving small sums. He would probably be unable to get a full-time job, a bank loan, or a credit card. Many residential and commercial areas would probably require that all visitors carried valid policies before allowing them to even enter.[12]

So we see that those without insurance would have their options, including their freedom of movement, greatly restricted. At the same time, the premiums for basic contract insurance, at least for people without a criminal history, would be quite low.[13] So there wouldn't be very many people walking around without this type of insurance. It's true, some people would still commit crimes and would have no insurance company to pay damages, but such cases are going to occur under any legal system.

Furthermore, once someone (without insurance) had committed a serious crime, he would still be chased by detectives, just as he would be under the government system. And if these (far more efficient) private detectives found him at any time on a normal piece of property, they would have the full right to arrest him.[14]

Warring Agencies

Critics often dismiss private law by alleging that disputes between enforcement agencies would lead to combat — even though this happens between governments all the time! In truth, the incentives for peaceful resolution of disputes would be far greater in market anarchy than the present system. Combat is very expensive, and private companies take much better care of their assets than government officials take care of their subjects' lives and property.

In any event, those engaging in "warfare" in a free society would be treated as any other murderers. Unlike government soldiers, private mercenaries would receive no special privileges to engage in condoned violence. Those agencies interpreting the law would not be the same as the firms enforcing it. There is no intrinsic reason to worry about battles between private enforcement agencies,[15] any more than battles between the government army and navy.

"Won't the Mafia take over?"

It is paradoxical that the fear of rule by organized crime families causes people to support the state, which is the most "organized" and criminal association in human history. Even if it were true that under market anarchy, people had to pay protection money and occasionally get whacked, this would be a drop in the bucket compared to the taxation and wartime deaths caused by governments.

But even this concedes too much. For the mob derives its strength from government, not the free market. All of the businesses traditionally associated with organized crime — gambling, prostitution, loan sharking, drug dealing — are prohibited or heavily regulated by the state.[16] In market anarchy, true professionals would drive out such unscrupulous competitors.

"Your insurance companies would become the state!"

On the contrary, the private companies providing legal services would have far less power under market anarchy than the government currently possesses. Most obvious, there would be no power to tax or to monopolize "service." If a particular insurance company were reluctant to pay legitimate claims, this would become quickly known, and people would take this into account when dealing with clients of this disreputable firm.[17]

The fear that (under market anarchy) private individuals would replace politicians overlooks the true causes of state mischief. Unlike feudal monarchs, democratic rulers don't actually own the resources (including human) that they control. Furthermore, the duration of their rule (and hence control of these resources) is very uncertain. For these reasons, politicians and other government employees do not exercise much care in maintaining the (market) value of the property in their jurisdiction. Shareholders of a private company, however, have every interest in choosing personnel and policies to maximize the profitability of the firm.

All the horrors of the state — onerous taxation, police brutality, total war — are not only monstrous, but they're also grossly inefficient. It would never be profitable for anarchist insurance and legal firms to mimic the policies set by governments.[18]

Children

The question of children is one of the most difficult. As a first pass, let us note that, obviously, concerned parents would only patronize those schools, and live in those apartments or housing complexes, where the protection of their children was of paramount importance to the staff.

Beyond this, the basic "prohibitions" on parental child abuse and neglect could be stipulated in the marriage contract. In addition to whatever romance may be entailed, a marriage is ultimately a partnership between two people, and prudent couples will officially spell out this arrangement, with all of its benefits and obligations. For example, before abandoning her career to raise a man's children, a woman may require a financial pledge in case of divorce (i.e., dissolving the partnership). In the same way, a standard clause in marriage contracts could define and specify penalties for the improper treatment of children.[19]

Another point to consider is the enhanced role of adoption in a free society. Much as it shocks modern sensibilities, there would be a fully functioning "baby market," in which parental privileges were sold to the highest bidder.[20] Although seemingly crass, such a market would surely reduce child abuse. After all, abusive or negligent parents are probably the ones most likely to offer their children for adoption, when loving couples are allowed to pay them handsomely for it.[21]

The controversial issue of abortion, just as other conflicts in a private law system, would be handled by competing firms setting policies to best match the desires of their customers. Those people sufficiently horrified by the practice could establish a gated community in which all residents agreed to refrain from abortion, and to report anyone caught performing one.[22]

Title Registry

In market anarchy, who would define property rights? If someone hands over the money to purchase a house, what guarantees does he have?

This is a complex issue, and I won't be able to give specifics, since the actual market solution would depend on the circumstances of the case and would draw on the legal expertise (far greater than mine) of the entire community.[23] I can, however, offer some general remarks.

Whatever (if any) the abstract or metaphysical nature of property law, the purpose of public titles is quite utilitarian; they are necessary to allow individuals to effectively plan and coordinate their interactions with each other. Specialized firms (perhaps distinct from arbitration agencies) would keep records on the property titles, either for a specific area or group of individuals. Title registry would probably be accomplished through a complex, hierarchical web of such firms.

The fear of rogue agencies, unilaterally declaring themselves "owner" of everything, is completely unfounded. In market anarchy, the companies publicizing property rights would not be the same as the companies enforcing those rights. More important, competition between firms would provide true "checks and balances." If one firm began flouting the community norms established and codified on the market, it would go out of business, just as surely as a manufacturer of dictionaries would go broke if its books contained improper definitions.

Infinite Regress

A sophisticated critic may charge that my proposal rests upon a circular argument: How can people use contracts to define property rights when a system of property rights is necessary to determine which contracts are valid? After all, Smith can't sell Jones a car for a certain sum of money, unless it is established beforehand that Smith is the just owner of the car (and Jones the owner of the sum of money).

To see the solution, we must break the problem into two parts. First, we should ask, "Could the free market provide a foundation for social interaction?" I believe the previous sections have demonstrated this. That is, I have shown above that if we had a system of property titles recognized by competing firms, then a contractual system governing the exchange of those titles would form a stable basis for private law.

Now, it is an entirely different question to ask, "How are these titles initially defined and allocated?" This is a broad topic, and it will be addressed in the next section. But to deal with the issue as it relates to the alleged infinite regress, let us consider contract law.

Contract law is a specific branch of law, much as tort law or constitutional law. It is used, for example, to determine whether a contract between two parties is legally binding. Now surely contract law can't be established in an anarchist system of contractual law, for wouldn't this beg the question?

No. The contractual pledges made by individuals would contain provisions for all of the contingencies handled by today's contract law. For example, the insurance company backing up a customer would be promising, "We will make good on any debts that our client fails to pay, so long as the obligations have been spelled out in a valid contract, according to the terms described in the Standard Contract Law pamphlet published by the Ace legal firm."

This pamphlet would perhaps require signatures in black ink, notarized oversight for large sums, and that the signers to a contract were of sufficient age and sobriety, and were not under duress, when the contract was made. As with all elements of private law, the precise rules governing contract interpretation would be determined by the (possibly conflicting) desires of everyone through the profit-and-loss test.

Finally, keep in mind that the ultimate judge in a given case is … the judge. No matter how voluminous the law books, or how obvious the precedents, every case will ultimately depend on the subjective interpretation of an arbiter or judge who must deliver the ruling.

We must never forget that written statutes as such are powerless unless used by competent and equitable individuals. Only in a competitive, voluntary system is there any hope for judicial excellence.

"How do we get there?"

The route to a free society will vary according to the history of a region, and consequently no single description will do. The path taken by North Korean market anarchists will no doubt differ from the course of similarly minded individuals in the United states. In the former, violent overthrow of unjust regimes may occur, while in the latter, a gradual and orderly erosion of the state is a wonderful possibility. The one thing all such revolutions would share is a commitment by the overwhelming majority to a total respect of property rights.

All societies, no matter how despotic their rulers, must possess a basic degree of respect for property rights, even if such respect is given due to custom rather than intellectual appreciation. All people know that it is a crime to rape or murder; even rapists and murderers know this.

Such universal, intuitive notions of justice would constitute the foundation for a system of private law. This widespread agreement would allow for more specific, contractually defined rights to evolve. The process would be continuous, with one stage of codified property titles and legal rules forming the basis for the next generation of judges and scholars to systematize and extend.

Regular people understand the waste and senselessness of conflict; they will go to great lengths and make great compromises to achieve consensus. For example, despite the lack of a formal government, newly arriving miners during the California gold rushes respected the claims of earlier settlers. To take a more modern example, even inner-city toughs unthinkingly obey the "rules" in a pickup game of basketball, despite the lack of a referee.

In market anarchy, free individuals, through their patronage of competing judicial and insurance firms, would foster a humane and just legal system. Those antisocial individuals who disrupted the process (by blatantly violating obvious property rights) would be dealt with in the ways described earlier.

Legal Positivism?
Neuroscience, published Feb. 11 in the journal Neuron.

“Rewards help you remember things, because you want future rewards,” said Professor Charan Ranganath, a UC Davis neuroscientist and senior author on the paper. “The brain prioritizes memories that are going to be useful for future decisions.”

It’s estimated that we only retain detailed memories for a small proportion of the events of each day, Ranganath said. People with very detailed memories become overwhelmed with information. So if the brain is going to filter information and decide what to remember, it makes sense to save those memories that might be most important for obtaining rewards in the future.

Ranganath and postdoctoral researcher Matthias Gruber put this to the test by scanning the brains of volunteers by functional magnetic resonance imaging as they answered simple yes-no questions on short series of objects — for example, “do these objects weigh more than a basketball?” Each series of objects was shown on a background image for context, and depending on the context, the volunteers were told they would either get a large (dollars) or small (cents) reward for giving correct answers. At the end of a series, participants were told how much money they just won.

Once participants completed this part of the experiment, the volunteers were scanned during a resting period. Afterward, outside of the scanner, there was a surprise memory test for all objects that were shown during scanning.

Although participants were not expecting the memory test outside the scanner, they were better at remembering objects that were associated with a high reward, said Gruber, first author of the paper.

“Also, when an object was associated with high reward, people remembered better the particular background scene that was on the screen during scanning,” Gruber said.

Memory could be biased toward high points of experience

Even more interesting, participants’ memory performance was predicted by brain activity measured during rest. When the researchers looked at brain scans of subjects at rest after giving yes-no answers — neither learning nor actively recalling the memory — they found the same pattern of activity as when subjects were doing the high-reward task. The subjects were apparently replaying the rewarding memories, strengthening connections and helping to fix the memory in place.

People who showed more replay of high-reward memories showed better retention of these events during the post-scan test, as well as increased interactions between the hippocampus, a structure deep in the brain heavily involved in memory, and an area called the substantia nigra/ventral tegmental area complex, which is involved in reward processing, suggesting that reward played a role in stimulating the hippocampus after learning.

Although this study did not measure it directly, these interactions were likely related to release of dopamine, a neurotransmitter that is released in the brain when we expect rewards. Conditions such as Parkinson’s disease or aging are linked to reduced dopamine and often involve memory defects.

The results show how memory could be biased toward the high points of experience, Ranganath said. “It speaks to a memory process that is normally hidden from us,” Ranganath said. “Are you remembering what you really need to know? It could depend on what your brain does while you are at rest.”

Co-authors on the study were Maureen Ritchey, Shao-Fang Wang and Manoj Doss, all at the UC Davis Center for Neuroscience. The work was supported by multiple sources including the Office of Naval Research, NIH, the Guggenheim Foundation, a Parke-Davis Fellowship and the German Research Foundation.<|endoftext|>Just days after four gun control measures failed to pass in the U.S. Senate, House Democrats are staging their own historic protest on the floor of the lower chamber over firearm safety legislation.

A group of roughly 60 legislators sat down cross-legged in the middle of the House floor Wednesday, pushing for gun control votes. Some remained standing on the floor.

The group included civil rights icon Rep, John Lewis, D-Georgia, Kentucky's Rep. John Yarmuth, and Rep. Joe Courtney of Connecticut.

"We can no longer wait," Lewis said from the House floor. "We can no longer be patient. So today, we come to the well of the House to dramatize the need for action. Not next month, not next year, but now -- today. Sometimes you have to do something out of the ordinary. Sometimes you have to make a way out of no way."

"We have been too quiet for too long," he added. "There comes a time when you have to say something. You have to make a little noise. You have to move your feet. This is the time."

Members took turns speaker passionately at the podium, chanting "No bill, no break" after each speech and using the trending hashtag #NoBillNoBreak on Twitter to publicize their efforts.

The originators of the sit-in also signed and sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan outlining their intentions, urging the Republican leader "to keep the House in session until we have robust debate and votes on expanding background checks and banning the sale of firearms to suspected terrorists."

"Until then," the letter read, "we are resolved and committed to speaking out for victims, survivors, and families at home who deserve a vote."

My colleagues & I have had enough. We are sitting-in on the House Floor until we get a vote to address gun violence. https://t.co/rTqrPifuUz — John Lewis (@repjohnlewis) June 22, 2016

I'm on the House floor with @repjohnlewis & Dems staging a sit-in to demand action on commonsense gun legislation pic.twitter.com/byIivby5gG — Rep. John Yarmuth (@RepJohnYarmuth) June 22, 2016

Democrats' presumptive presidential nominee Hillary Clinton threw her support behind the sit-in Wednesday, praising the lawmakers' protest as "real leadership":

This is what real leadership looks like. https://t.co/4Nh6QpqSxL — Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) June 22, 2016

President Obama thanked Rep. Lewis for his actions in a tweet Wednesday afternoon:

Thank you John Lewis for leading on gun violence where we need it most. https://t.co/vctfqAH5Wt — President Obama (@POTUS) June 22, 2016

Other lawmakers from the Senate are also throwing their weight behind the floor sit-in.

Connecticut Sen. Chris Murphy, who led a filibuster in the Senate last week leading to the votes on gun measures, also walked in to the House chamber to show his support. His fellow Connecticut senator, Richard Blumenthal, also joined the sit-in, along with Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin, Minnesota Sens. Al Franken and Amy Klobuchar, Washington Sen. Patty Murray, Massachusetts Sen. Ed Markey, Florida Sen. Bill Nelson, Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill, Hawaii Sen. Mazie Hirono, Maryland Sen. Ben Cardin, Vermont Sen. Patrick Leahy, Delaware Sen. Chris Coons, New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker, and New York Sen. Chuck Schumer. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nevada, also stepped onto the House floor Wednesday afternoon.

"I think this is truly exceptional, and it reflects the American mood," Murphy told CBS News of the House protest, calling it an "unprecedented moment" in legislative history. "We ultimately got a vote in the Senate, it has led to compromised negotiations that are happening right now that might actually get this done. The only thing we can't do right now is be silent, and I'm glad that my former colleagues in the House are stepping in a big way."

Blumenthal lauded the sit-in as sending "a message to the American people that they need to rise up and be heard just as these Congressmen are trying to be heard, and to vote."

"This is the beginning of something much bigger, and it will shake the business as usual approach of the United States Congress - there's no more business as usual," Blumenthal told CBS in an interview. "The nation has reached at tipping point, Orlando sent a signal that enough is enough, and that's what they're saying."

Some Republican lawmakers were sharply critical of the protest, however.

Michigan Rep. Justin Amash slammed his Democratic colleagues for refusing to leave "until our Constitution replaces due process with secret lists."

Democrats are staging a sit-in on the House floor. They refuse to leave until our Constitution replaces due process with secret lists. — Justin Amash (@justinamash) June 22, 2016

Rep. Mark Walker, R-North Carolina, jumped in with his own critique, calling the "sit-in" a "disgrace to Woolworth's," where civil rights demonstrators held lunch counter sit-ins to protest segregation in the early 1960s.

Calling this a sit-in is a disgrace to Woolworth's. They sat-in for rights. Dems are "sitting-in" to strip them away https://t.co/uBT0cPqsjT — Rep. Mark Walker (@RepMarkWalker) June 22, 2016

House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-Louisiana, further assured CBS that the lower chamber would find a way to conduct its legislative business.

"We are not going to let them interfere with us doing the people's work," Rep. Scalise said. "They might try to do that but we are not going to let them take away the rights of people's voices to be heard on the House floor."

In an interview with CBS News' Julianna Goldman, Rep. Lewis said he was "convinced" that if a vote on gun control were held on the House floor, it would pass.

"The American people are sick and tired. More than 85 percent -- some polls are saying more than 90 or 95 percent -- want action," Lewis noted. "Just let the people debate it. Let members of Congress debate it. Members of the House: let's pass it."

Democratic lawmakers' frustrations on gun control inaction boiled over in the aftermath of the shooting at an Orlando nightclub last week, when a gunman opened fire and killed dozens of people in the deadliest U.S. mass shooting in history.

The Democrats' sit-in comes a little over a week after they shouted down Paul Ryan on the floor during a moment of silence after Orlando shooting, demanding that a vote be held on gun control legislation.

Sen. Richard Blumenthal on gun control

Over the past five years, legislators have introduced more than 100 gun control measures in Congress. But despite numerous mass shootings in the country since 2011, none of them have passed into law, and few have made it to the House or Senate floor for a vote.

And in the latest legislative battle over firearm safety Monday, after Democrats staged a nearly 15-hour filibuster, Senate Republicans blocked four amendments that would have expanded criminal background checks before gun purchases and instituted a "no fly, no buy" policy for those on federal terror watch lists, among other policies.

After the four measures failed to advance, Sen. Susan Collins, R-Maine, unveiled legislation Tuesday to prevent terrorists from obtaining guns. Its backers say the bill could actually win over a 60-vote majority and pass through the Senate.

Meanwhile, on Wednesday, the powerful House Appropriations Committee rejected an amendment to limit the sale of firearms to those the U.S. Attorney General has a "reasonable suspicion" of being involved in terrorist activity. Democrats pushed the measure as one that could have made a real difference in Orlando, where gunman Omar Mateen had been previously investigated by federal officials for links to terrorism. Republicans, however, maintained that it violates due process rights for gun purchasers. The provision failed to pass out of committee, 16-31.

While Democrats sat on the floor of the lower chamber, the House briefly returned for legislative business at noon.

But the Republican presiding over the chamber quickly ordered the House back into recess. Democrats were asked to leave the well of the House floor, but legislators refused to budge from their positions.

"We will not be moved," Florida Rep. Kathy Castor, a Democrat, said on the floor.

A spokesperson for Ryan's office said in a tweet that the House was on recess because members were not "following the rules."

The House cannot operate without members following the rules of the institution, so the House has recessed subject to the call of the chair. — AshLee Strong (@AshLeeStrong) June 22, 2016

Cameras controlled by the House Recording Studio and typically trained on the House floor have also been shut off during the recess. Rules say the House Recording Studio cameras can only be on when the House is in session, and coverage operates at the direction of the House speaker.

A senior House GOP leadership aide told CBS News, "This rule of the House is being enforced, as it has been since TV cameras were first installed in the House."

The aide further noted that Democrats, back in 2008 when they had control of the House, had turned cameras, lights, and microphones off during one similar GOP attempt to push for a vote allowing offshore drilling.

In protest, members on the House floor Wednesday instead took to broadcasting the proceedings from livestreaming phone app Periscope:

CBS News' Walt Cronkite, Rebecca Kaplan, and Rebecca Shabad contributed to this report.<|endoftext|>Short Term 12 is a 2013 American independent drama film written and directed by Destin Daniel Cretton based on Cretton's short film of the same name, produced in 2009. The film stars Brie Larson as Grace Howard, a young supervisor of a group home for troubled teenagers. The film was the first leading performance of Larson's career.

Cretton based Short Term 12 on his own experience working in a group facility for teenagers. He first wrote and produced a short film based on the idea and later adapted it into a feature-length screenplay. While Larson and John Gallagher, Jr. won their roles after auditioning through Skype, most of the children featured in the film were cast through open casting calls. Filming took place over 20 days in Los Angeles, California in September 2012.

Short Term 12 premiered on March 10, 2013 at the South by Southwest film festival and was released in theaters on August 23, 2013. Made on a budget of less than $1 million and given a limited release, the film brought in strong box office receipts, grossing over $2.3 million.[2] The film was widely praised. Critics acclaimed its realism and intimacy, with particular attention drawn to Larson's performance and Cretton's screenplay and direction. Considered one of the best films of 2013, the film was amongst National Board of Review's Top 10 independent films of 2013 and won SXSW's Grand Jury and Audience Awards for a Narrative Feature, as well as earning three Independent Spirit Award nominations including Best Female Lead for Larson.

Plot [ edit ]

Grace Howard (Brie Larson) is the young supervisor of Short Term 12, a group home for troubled teenagers. She lives with her long-term boyfriend and coworker, Mason (John Gallagher Jr.), but finds it difficult to open up to him emotionally. When Grace finds out she is pregnant, she schedules an appointment for an abortion; she eventually tells an overjoyed Mason about the pregnancy, but not about her plan to have an abortion. At the facility, Grace and Mason focus their efforts on Marcus (Lakeith Stanfield), a Short Term 12 resident who is about to turn 18 and is struggling with the prospect of leaving the facility.

Grace bonds with Jayden (Kaitlyn Dever) a recent arrival at Short Term 12 who has a history of self-harm. Jayden distances herself from the other teenagers as she does not intend to stay at the facility for long, and when her father fails to pick her up on her birthday, she reacts violently toward the staff. After her outburst, she sits in the "cool-down room" with Grace, who shows Jayden her own scars from cutting herself. That night, Jayden leaves the facility in the middle of her birthday celebrations and, unable to force her to return, Grace follows Jayden to her father's house. After finding the house empty, they return to Short Term 12. When Jayden reads Grace a cryptic story she has written, Grace begins to suspect that Jayden was abused by her father.

At a party hosted by Mason's foster parents, he proposes to Grace, who accepts. The following morning, Grace is upset by a phone call that reveals her father is being released from prison, and refuses to be consoled by Mason. She arrives at Short Term 12 to discover that Jayden has been picked up by her father overnight. She is angry at the decision to send Jayden back to her father, but her boss maintains that Jayden denied that she was abused by him. Later that day, Grace finds that Marcus has attempted to commit suicide after the death of his fish.

While waiting at the hospital as Marcus is being treated, Grace breaks down and Mason becomes upset with her for refusing to talk to him about how she feels; instead, she tells him that she no longer wants to marry him and that she plans to have an abortion. Upset, she returns to Jayden's father's house and breaks in, intending to injure him while he sleeps, but she is interrupted by Jayden, who suggests that they smash his car instead. Grace opens up to Jayden about being sexually abused by her own father, and after Jayden shows Grace bruises from where her father hit her they return together to Short Term 12, where Jayden reports her father for physical abuse. Grace goes home to apologize to Mason, who tells her that Marcus will recover.

Several weeks later, Grace starts seeing a therapist and she is shown viewing an ultrasound with Mason. Mason tells the rest of the staff about running into Marcus, who is doing well and has a girlfriend.

Cast [ edit ]

Production [ edit ]

Short Term 12 on his experiences working in a similar facility. Destin Daniel Cretton basedon his experiences working in a similar facility.

Short Term 12 was originally conceived by Destin Daniel Cretton as a short film based on his experiences as a line staff worker at a group facility for teenagers where he had worked for two years; it served as his thesis project for his master's degree in film at San Diego State University.[4][5]:5 The short film ran for 22 minutes and premiered at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival, where it won the Jury Prize in Short Filmmaking.[4] After graduating from film school, Cretton decided to adapt the short into a feature-length screenplay, which won one of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' five Nicholl Fellowships in Screenwriting in 2010.[5]:5 The largest change Cretton made when adapting the short film into a longer screenplay was changing the lead character's gender: Denim, a man loosely based on Cretton himself, became Grace, a young woman and the facility's supervisor.[5]:5[6] Cretton researched similar facilities and interviewed former employees for the film, noting that the script featured stories directly told by children in these facilities from his interviews.[7]

Brie Larson auditioned for the role of Grace via Skype after the script had been sent to her;[8] John Gallagher, Jr. also won his role after a Skype conversation with Cretton, calling the screenplay "probably the best script that I've been sent, ever".[9] Larson and Gallagher prepared for their roles by shadowing line staff at a group home similar to that in the film, and collaborated to create backstories for their characters.[5]:7–8 Lakeith Stanfield was the only actor from the original short film to reprise his role in the feature.[5]:10 Cretton struggled to contact Stanfield when casting the film in 2012—Stanfield had stopped acting, left his managers, and did not own a cell phone—but Cretton was eventually able to reach him by email to tape an audition.[5]:10[10] Most of the children featured in the film were cast through open casting calls, and most had no prior acting experience.[10] Alex Calloway, who played Sammy, found a casting call through Craigslist and won the role after sending in a cell phone video audition.[5]:8

The film was shot over 20 days in September 2012.[5]:5 Filming took place in Los Angeles, and scenes set at the group home were shot at a former short-stay facility located near the neighborhood of Sylmar.[6][11] The film was edited by Nat Sanders as it was filmed. Both the original cut of the film and the shortened director's cut were over 2 hours long, whereas Cretton wanted the final cut to be under 100 minutes.[12] Sanders said that the original cut of the film felt too heavy and "made you feel pretty depressed about humanity", so a number of scenes were deleted or trimmed to "lighten up" the film's mood, with a final running time of 96 minutes.[12]

Release [ edit ]

Short Term 12 premiered in March 2013 at the South by Southwest Film Festival in Austin, Texas, where it won the Grand Jury and Audience Awards in the Narrative Feature category and was purchased for distribution by Cinedigm.[13] Its international premiere was held at the Locarno Film Festival in August 2013, where it received a standing ovation.[13]

In theaters, the film was given a platform release: on August 23, it was released in Los Angeles and New York City, expanding the next weekend to Phoenix, Washington, D.C., Philadelphia, Boston and Berkeley, and progressively expanding to more cities until its widest release on September 13.[14]

Reception [ edit ]

Box office [ edit ]

The film grossed $56,206 in its opening weekend, playing in four theaters, with a per-theater average of $14,052 that was considered a strong result by Forbes magazine's Mark Hughes.[2] Overall, it earned a total of $1,013,100 in North America over a total of 26 weeks in theaters, with a widest release of 75 theaters, and $632,064 outside the United States for a total of $1,645,164.[15][16]

Critical response [ edit ]

Brie Larson 's performance in her first leading role received widespread praise from critics.

On Rotten Tomatoes the film has an approval rating of 98% based on 160 reviews, with an average rating of 8.9/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Short Term 12 is an emphatic, revealing drama that pulls audiences into the perspective of neglected youths."[17] On Metacritic the film has a weighted average of 82 out of 100, based on 36 critics, indicating "universal acclaim".[18]

Germain Lussier of /Film wrote of the film, "The whole thing just feels perfect or magical, a shining example of what cinema is all about", adding, "The performances are mindblowing, the writing sharp, and the direction beautiful. It's a very special movie."[19] In Variety, critic Peter Debruge wrote, "the stunning SXSW fest winner puts the recent Park City competition lineup to shame ... this compelling human drama finds fresh energy in the inspirational-teacher genre, constantly revealing new layers to its characters."[20] In a review for the Los Angeles Times, Kenneth Turan described Short Term 12 as "a small wonder", "a film of exceptional naturalness and empathy", and "moving and intimate", offering particular praise to the film's honesty and plausibility.[21] Peter Bradshaw of The Guardian, on the other hand, criticized the film's credibility, describing it as "well intentioned, but somehow inauthentic" with a "too-cute-to-be-true ending".[22]

The Hollywood Reporter's John DeFore called the film "genuinely moving" and "effortlessly balanced ... Brett Pawlak's handheld camerawork and Cretton's unsentimental direction have a frankness that acknowledges the dramatic extremes in these lives without needing to parade it before the audience."[23] Manohla Dargis from The New York Times also praised Cretton's direction, saying he "brings you into this coed group home and the lives of its inhabitants casually, with images and scenes that, no matter how transparently considered, feel as if they had been caught on the fly."[24]

Brie Larson's performance as Grace was singled out for praise by critics. Katie Walsh of Indiewire wrote, "[Larson] manages to convey her character as someone fierce and strong and steely, and also utterly fragile, delicate, scared and broken ... It's an incredible emotional and physical performance, and she's a whirlwind."[25] Similarly, Empire critic Ian Freer felt that Larson gave "a whirling dervish of a performance ... She, like the film, breaks your heart and raises your spirit in one fell swoop."[26]

Accolades [ edit ]

Despite the universal acclaim from critics and audiences alike, Short Term 12 was completely shunned by every major industry awards organisation from receiving a nomination, especially at the Academy Awards, an action criticized by numerous critics, publications and audience members.[51] Major criticism was drawn towards the perceived snub of Brie Larson, whose performance was widely acclaimed and was cited by various critics and publications as one of the best performances of the year.[52][53][54] While Forbes called her snub "shocking", The Atlantic called it "disappointing" but "hardly shocking", considering it being a small budgeted independent film.[51][55]<|endoftext|>Obamacare and You The Rollout of the Affordable Care Act

During a meeting last week, officials at Covered California, the state’s much-touted health insurance marketplace, made a pretty stark admission: Half of the approximately 1 million consumers whose health plans are being canceled will pay more under the Affordable Care Act.

The numbers, it seems, have been overshadowed by other, more positive headlines. First, the state signed up more consumers in October thanHealthCare.gov, the federal marketplace handling enrollments for 36 states. Second, the board governing Covered California voted last week not to allow insurers to offer their canceled policies for another year, rejecting President Obama’s recommendation earlier this month.

But the figures do call into question the sweeping plaudits California has received — including from New York Times columnist Paul Krugman in Monday’s newspaper — for signing up so many people (about 80,000, as of last week).

By way of background, many of these consumers’ plans are being canceled because they were “non-grandfathered,” meaning they were purchased after the Act was signed by President Obama in March 2010 and their benefits do not meet its requirements (some were pretty skimpy).

Although the federal law allowed these plans to be renewed for another year, Covered California’s contracts with health insurers require them to be canceled at the end of this year. Officials said the idea was to create stability in the new marketplace and provide consistency for all consumers.

As cancellation letters went out, supporters of the law contended that the canceled policies either had inferior coverage or would cost far less in the exchanges. California’s numbers show that is only half the story.

“It’s not a success story,” said Jamie Court, president of Consumer Watchdog, a group that supports a California ballot measure to regulate insurance rates. “It’s a success story only if you consider that the federal website didn’t work and ours did. It’s not a success story because people are in open revolt about how much they’re paying. The only people who are happy are people who have subsidized policies. The middle class is outraged.”

Let’s look at the numbers:

Covered California estimates that about 900,000 consumers will have their “non-grandfathered” policies canceled. Of those, 310,000 (or 35 percent) are eligible for a subsidy. Another 15 percent will see their rates decrease even though they won’t receive a subsidy. And the rest? About 25 percent will pay more for similar or perhaps inferior coverage, and the remaining 25 percent will pay more but will receive additional benefits, such as coverage for prescription drugs.

All told, fully half of the 900,000 will pay more. (I profiled one such couple, who will see their costs more than double, earlier this month.) Additionally, while those receiving the subsidy will pay less out of their own pockets, their plans could still cost more and much of the tab will be picked up by the government.

Some other policies are being canceled, too, because insurers are withdrawing from the market.

Ken Wood, a senior adviser with Covered California, told me that the initial estimate of consumers in non-grandfathered plans was lower than the actual number because turnover in the individual insurance market was underappreciated.

“I’m not sure people fully understood the impact of the law three years ago when it was just numbers,” he said. “Now it’s gotten very real that some people are going to have to pay more.”

At the same time, Wood said, this is the cost of moving to a new system, in which consumers with pre-existing conditions will be able to get coverage, those who got sick while enrolled in a plan won’t have to worry about having their policies canceled, and all plans will offer a minimum set of benefits.

“Yes, they’re paying more than they would have paid,” he said. “That also assumed that their risk pool remained healthy and nothing else upset the apple cart. Very few people who’ve been in it for five, eight, 10 years have had very smooth rate increases.”

The number of people affected is relatively small compared to the population of California, Wood noted. Some 32 million residents will keep the coverage they have through their employers, Medicare and the Medi-Cal public health program for the poor, he said, and millions more are uninsured and may be eligible for some type of support.

But consumer advocates say there’s more to the story, too. Canceled policyholders may lose their doctors and hospitals. That’s because some top California hospitals, including UCLA and Cedars-Sinai medical centers, are not participating in most of the new health plans.

“How good is it to buy a policy in the exchange if you can’t go to UCLA?” Court asked. “That’s certainly not as good as it was in the old plans. … In some cases, I think people do get better policies. But in a lot of cases, like in California, they’re getting comparable policies. There’s very little different, except that their networks of doctors and hospitals are smaller, so that makes them worse or that makes them feel worse.”

Health industry consultant Bob Laszewski pointed out another problem with California’s apparent success story. Covered California has a goal of enrolling about 500,000 to 700,000 people receiving subsidies by April 1, 2014, the end of the open-enrollment period. But Laszewski notes that this includes the canceled policyholders.

“Why should we be so impressed with Covered California because they have signed up 80,000 people so far?” he wrote. “Or, even that their goal is to sign up 500,000 to 700,000 of the state’s 6.4 million people –– half subsidy eligible –– who are uninsured or having their insurance canceled?”

Wood said the canceled plans were not taken into consideration when California set its enrollment goals. The exchange hopes to enroll upwards of 2 million people by Jan. 1, 2015. “We didn’t go back and re-project our number,” he said. “That did make our January [2014] number an easier target to hit.”

Editor’s Note: This post is adapted from Ornstein’s “Healthy buzz” blog. Has your insurance been canceled? Have you tried signing up for coverage through the new exchanges? Help us cover the Affordable Care Act by sharing your insurance story.<|endoftext|>If you’re alive right now, you should give yourself a pat on the back. A hardy congratulations just for being able to participate in this special era. Sure, it might look like we’re living through “the end of times,” what with the sexual predators being elected to office and an impending nuclear war brought on by Twitter trolling, but look at the bright side: the beer has never been better. Not only is craft beer ubiquitous (seems like every back alley in this country is sporting its own brewpub), but it’s better than ever, with styles that continue to evolve and breweries that continue to push the envelope. Did you know that you can get an IPA that tastes like a strawberry milkshake?! The future is now! Political landscape be damned, we say it’s an exciting time to be alive. Want proof? Check out this list of the 10 best breweries in America. There are all kinds of feel good stories in here, from tiny brewpubs outscoring the big boys in global competitions to breweries that are single handedly redefining popular styles. And did we mention milkshake IPAs?! Here are the 10 Best Breweries of 2017.

Brew Gentlemen – Braddock, PA

They say that the cream rises to the top, and no more assuredly does that happen than in a giant Paste blind tasting. Yes, it’s always impressive to walk away from one of our large-scale blind tastings with an accolade like “best gose” or “best hefeweizen,” but in the end, we know which styles butter the bread of this industry. Case in point: Our September tasting of DIPAs/Imperial IPAs was our second largest blind tasting ever, with a whopping 176 entries. And no other brewery could outperform Braddock, PA’s Brew Gentlemen, formerly known as The Brew Gentlemen. Interestingly enough, this wasn’t really a surprise to us, because we’ve been lucky enough to sample Brew Gentlemen’s hop-forward lineup before, and we know just how good they are. Suffice to say, this small Pennsylvania brewery is putting out some of the best hazy IPAs in the world right now; beers that can absolutely go toe-to-toe (and exceed) similar entries from the likes of Tree House or Trillium in a blind tasting setting. But that’s not all, because Brew Gentlemen ALSO is producing some pretty impressive farmhouse beers—look no further than their “Mise en Rose” series of barrel-aged saisons. Ultimately, one gets the sense that comparing them to Tree House or Trillium is selling Brew Gentlemen short—the more appropriate comparison might actually be the likes of Hill Farmstead. Albeit, with a truly absurd number of different DIPAs. But either way, this is one of the most exciting breweries in the U.S. right now.

Triple Crossing – Richmond, VA

Brew Gentlemen may have placed #1 in our 176 DIPA blind tasting in September, but no brewery made such a loud, undeniable statement as Richmond, VA’s Triple Crossing when their two entries BOTH scored in the top 5. That’s the kind of absurd achievement that almost never happens in these competitions, but it speaks to just how confidently and flawlessly Triple Crossing has approached the modern IPA. Their output in this field is nigh unparalleled. What’s ironic is that although Richmond has become a craft beer hotspot in the last couple of years thanks to other breweries such as The Answer and especially The Veil, many of the beer tourists coming to town still seem to be overlooking Triple Crossing, which is an absolutely criminal omission to make. You could look up and down the coast without finding another DIPA as impossibly smooth, luxurious and juicy as Triple Crossing’s Interstellar Burst in particular. All in all, they still remain a brewery we haven’t sampled all that often, but we’re hoping to see many more Triple Crossing representatives in the 2018 blind tasting schedule.

Two Roads – Stratford, CT

Two Roads is the largest craft brewery in Connecticut, and that certainly must play into why they simply don’t seem to receive the respect they deserve as makers of world-class beers. This is an unpleasant reality of the craft beer hype cycle—get big enough, or successful enough, and it’s that much harder to generate beers that really get people excited. But man, you should be getting excited about some of these Two Roads brews. Few breweries have been as consistent in Paste blind tastings in the last two years. Allow me to simply note some of the places they’ve finished: 2 out of 67 in stouts under 8%; 4 out of 64 in goses, 26 and 28 out of 143 in sour/wild ales and 5 out of 63 in pumpkin beer, just for starters. Those last four beers listed have something else in common, all having come from this brewery’s profoundly underrated sour/wild program. Entries in Two Roads’ “Tanker Truck Series” of fruited sours in particular are a wonderful midpoint between complexity and accessibility to drinkers beginning their exploration of beer’s sour side. It’s a brewery that tends to present us with entries that are simply friendly, free from flaws and extremely easy to enjoy, and we have huge respect for that kind of consistency.

WeldWerks Brewing – Greeley, CO

WeldWerks is a brewery that has come a long way since the first time I tasted them at the Great American Beer Festival in 2015. Back then, I was just swinging by the booth of a relatively unknown brewery because they had a medal on display, an accolade they’d won for a fairly classical hefeweizen. There was nothing to suggest that within the space of a few years, they’d be one of the most popular booths at the same festival, but that’s where we find ourselves today. WeldWerks has managed to claim “hot young thing” status over the last few years in a market that is particularly saturated with young breweries striving for exactly that same type of hype, the result being that very few are able to achieve it. They’ve done it by being Front Range pioneers of the NE-IPA, and a major driving force behind bringing the hype of hazy, juice-bomb IPAs to Colorado in earnest. Their Juicy Bits IPA was a top 10 entrant in our blind tasting of 247 single IPAs, while the imperial version did similarly well in our DIPA tasting. And that’s not even getting into the family tree of huge imperial stouts that WeldWerks seems to have on hand at any given time, such as the Medianoche that had GABF attendees up in arms this year. WeldWerks is a profoundly American craft brewery, specializing in the styles that tend to get beer geeks most excited.

Jackie O’s Pub & Brewery – Athens, OH

Athens, Ohio’s Jackie O’s is a brewery that can do it all. They make beer so incredible that if it was repackaged in discarded bottles from the likes of Hill Farmstead, Side Project or Jester King, nobody would think twice or feel shortchanged. They’re the true definition of an underrated but world-class brewery, even in their native Ohio. Their year-round selections such as Mystic Mama IPA are undeniably solid, but it’s the barrel-aging and wild program where these guys truly excel, and that skill has shown through repeatedly in our blind tastings. No one would have predicted that Jackie O’s would walk out of the blind tasting of 144 barrel-aged imperial stouts holding the #2 position (for a beer called Spirit Beast), but that’s what happened. A few months later it happened again, as Jackie O’s Pockets of Sunlight was our #3 saison out of 116 beers. There are few breweries we’re more excited to see a new entry from in any given blind tasting than these guys, and we’ve yet to have a barrel-aged beer from them that wasn’t impressive.

Perennial Artisan Ales – St. Louis, MO

If I had to pick a single brewery whose entries into any given blind tasting are likely to end up in the top 10%, then Perennial would be one of the first candidates I would consider. They have earned that kind of just baseline esteem from us over the years with impressive showing after impressive showing in a great variety of blind tastings, but never does this brewery seem content to rest on its laurels. They’re always experimenting with some kind of new wild ale/saison release, and each one is more delightful than the last, whether they’re expressions of brettanomyces or hops, or mixed culture beers. Their Abraxas imperial stout is of course a yearly pleasure that is well known to beer geeks and traders, but they also produce a bevy or other imperial stouts that are arguably even better, from the Sump imperial coffee stout (#4 out of 102 in our tasting) to the bourbon barrel-aged Maman. There are probably some traders out there who think of Perennial as simply “that brewery that gave birth to Side Project,” but their output continues to rival even that of their much-celebrated progeny, while doing it across a significantly wider array of beer styles.

Societe – San Diego, CA

Societe is a brewery that has not yet placed at #1 in a Paste blind tasting … but it’s also a brewery where it feels like it’s probably only a matter of time. They’re just a consistently impressive San Diego outfit, whether they’re turning out clean, crisp IPAs or lovely barrel-aged wild ales. Every year at GABF, they always seem to bring something that captures my attention in a way that is unique—this year it was their hop-forward stout The Volcanist, which seems to be on a mission to revive one of the industry’s most neglected beer styles, the “American-style stout.” They just do everything well, from pilsner to imperial stout, and all of those beers tend to have one thing in common—they are pristine and immaculate in terms of their execution. Clean, crisp beer is the trademark we’ve come to associate with Societe, and it’s part of the reason why their entries seem to score well in every blind tasting they enter. They make a pilsner that is a great example of west coast pils, and a session IPA that is a great argument in favor of why we should bother making and drinking session IPA. All that, and they’ve got some of the best-looking labels, iconography and growlers in the game today. Societe is a very complete package.

J. Wakefield Brewing – Miami, FL

Like just about everybody reading this right now, John Wakefield was a beer fan who really started to geek out after he got a Mr. Beer homebrew kit. The similarities between Wakefield and the rest of us stop there, as Wakefield went to win a bunch of homebrew competitions and land a coveted internship at Cigar City. Eventually, he used his cult-like status in Florida’s robust beer scene to open his own brewery via a crowd-funding campaign. J. Wakefield, which opened its doors in 2015, slays a wide variety of styles (their imperial stout is one to look for) but the brewery has a specific talent for the Berliner Weiss, putting their own spin on the low-ABV German style by adding a bushel of fruit to the mix for an element of sweetness to an otherwise tart beer. It’s a style that’s become known as a Florida Weisse, and Wakefield is the current king of the niche. He brews a handful of fruity variations, including one that tastes like a sports drink, and another that tastes like a margarita. His Miami Madness hits the fruit hard with mango, guava and passion fruit, but his Dragon Fruit Passion Fruit Berliner is considered one of the best examples of the Berliner Weisse style. Period. J. Wakefield has managed to breathe new life into this very old beer style, giving it a sense of terroir in the process. If you’ve grown tired of “Florida man” headlines (Florida man shoots bullets into hurricane…) here’s a new one for you: Florida man…makes great beer.

Austin Beer Garden Brewing – Austin, TX

It’s tough for a small brewpub to make a list like this that takes a broad look at the national scene and picks favorites; it’s a matter of size and scope. Needle in the haystack kind of stuff. But sometimes, a small shop with a tiny distribution footprint does such a great job that their mastery is simply undeniable. And that’s the case with Austin Beer Garden Brewing (ABGB) which has firmly established itself as the king of the pilsner. Their Rocket 100 (a pre-prohibition style pilsner that incorporates corn) has more hardware than Mr. T in the ‘80s. It won gold at GABF in 2015 and 2017 and bridged those awards with a bronze at the World Beer Cup in 2016. The brewery bagged another gold this year for Velvet Revolution in the Bohemian-style pilsner category, and oh wait, they also won gold at GABF 2016 for their Industry Pilsner, and a bronze in the Bavarian-style lager for Hell Yes Helles. Essentially, for the last two years, ABGB has owned the pilsner style. It’s a crazy pedigree considering the size of ABGB and the stiff competition in the pilsner categories, and it’s why they’ve earned Best Small Brewpub honors at GABF for two years running. We’ve been enamored with their stuff for a while now (we had the chance to talk to ABGB in depth earlier this year) and think it’s about time the whole country put the small brewpub’s beers on their “must drink” bucket list. Just be prepared for a road trip. Aside from crowlers, ABGB doesn’t can or bottle so you’ll have to visit the brewery in person.

Tired Hands Brewing Company – Ardmore, PA

Just when you think the IPA has reached transcendent levels with the hazy, fruity Northeastern take on the style, and that it can’t possibly evolve any further, someone goes and takes it up to another level creating a mind-blowingly new and innovative take on the style. That “someone” is Tired Hands. That innovative new take is the “Milkshake IPA.” Take your hazy, tropical-forward IPA and add lactose sugar, oats and different kinds of fruit and you get a beer that looks a bit milky and packs a hell of a sweet punch. Tired Hands has an entire series of Milkshake IPAs, each featuring a different fruit. Blueberry Pancake Milkshake IPA, Coconut Double Milkshake IPA, Strawberry Milkshake IPA…The beers are thick and decadent, and yet still very recognizable as IPAs. Tired Hands isn’t the first brewery to use lactose sugar in a beer, and they’re not the first to call a beer a “milkshake.” But the Pennsylvania brewery has certainly perfected the style, taking it to new heights. The milkshake IPA is arguably the most exciting thing happening in the world of IPAs right now, and as such, other breweries are getting in on the fun, releasing their own versions of the milkshake IPA. We say bring them on. Sing it with us, “my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard…”<|endoftext|>When Wal-Mart announced in 2008 that it was pulling down the DRM servers behind its (nearly unused) online music store, the Internet suffered a collective aneurysm of outrage, eventually forcing the retail giant to run the servers for another year. Buying DRMed content, then having that content neutered a few months later, seemed to most consumers not to be fair.

But that's not quite how Big Content sees things—just ask Steven Metalitz, the Washington DC lawyer who represents the MPAA, RIAA, and other rightsholders before the Copyright Office. Because the Copyright Office is in the thick of its triennial DMCA review process, in which it will decide to allow certain exemptions to the rules against cracking DRM, Metalitz has been doing plenty of representation of late.

He has now responded to a host of questions from the Copyright Office following up on live hearings held earlier this year, and in those comments, Metalitz (again) strongly opposes any exemption that would allow users to legally strip DRM from content if a store goes dark and takes down its authentication servers.

"We reject the view," he writes in a letter to the top legal advisor at the Copyright Office, "that copyright owners and their licensees are required to provide consumers with perpetual access to creative works. No other product or service providers are held to such lofty standards. No one expects computers or other electronics devices to work properly in perpetuity, and there is no reason that any particular mode of distributing copyrighted works should be required to do so."

This is, of course, true, but that doesn't make it any less weird. The only reason that such tracks are crippled after authentication servers go down is because of a system that was demanded by content owners and imposed on companies like Wal-Mart and Apple; buyers who grudgingly bought tracks online because it was easy accepted, but never desired the DRM. To simply say that they are "out of luck" because they used a system that the rightsholders demanded is the height of callousness to one's customers. While computers and electronics devices do break down over time, these music tracks were crippled by design.

Such an attitude looks even stranger when you consider that the music labels have in fact removed DRM as a requirement at stores like iTunes and Amazon, so all tracks purchased today are open and may work in perpetuity, however much the labels would prefer people to keep repurchasing the same song.

Keep this reality in mind when you read Metalitz's next comment, which continues, "To recognize the proposed exemption would surely discourage any content provider from entering the marketplace for online distribution... unless it was committed to do so... forever. This would not be good for consumers, who would find a marketplace with less innovation and fewer choices and options."

The mind boggles. This reads like copy from a Bizarro World manifesto on DRM, since the reality of the market for downloaded music (which was the issue behind the proposed exemption) has shown quite clearly that people don't want DRM on their tunes and providers are happy to comply once the labels allowed it. The current situation, with several major stores and little or no DRM on downloads, is manifestly better for buyers.

While the issue may seem almost irrelevant now for downloaded music, DRM is still alive and well on streaming music and most video streams and downloads. Metalitz doesn't want his clients to face a situation where decryption tools can be produced under the proposed exemption, then widely distributed. How could such decryption tools be limited to those who have actually suffered from authentication servers going dark, he wonders?

But the Copyright Office indicated that it may grant the exemption, asking Metalitz and other respondents to "assume that" the case has been made. Metalitz declined to assume this, writing that "we cannot accept this invitation to assume that the Register [of Copyright] will recommend that the Librarian [of Congress] violate his statutory duty by recognizing Exemption 10B."

Metalitz suggests that the market will take care of problems that arise, pointing out that Wal-Mart and others have all kept their DRM servers running after public outcries. But Harvard Fellow Chris Soghoian, who proposed the exemption, noted that Wal-Mart will be shutting down its DRM servers for good in October 2009.

"Wal-Mart's latest actions provide ample evidence that the issue of DRM abandonware is not a hypothetical concern and that the market cannot be counted on to provide consumers with an adequate remedy," he wrote.<|endoftext|>Photo: Rahav Segev/Photopass

There are lessons to be learned from “Ethel Sings,” the new play about the Rosenbergs running through mid-July in Manhattan.

The most obvious is about the dangers of governmental overreach. Also: less is more. And both playwright Joan Beber and director Will Pomerantz would do well to learn that.

“Ethel Sings” is a potentially powerful story burdened by totally unnecessary over writing and directing. It’s been a little over six decades since the couple were executed, but much of their story remains hauntingly familiar.

Ethel (Tracy Michailidis) and Julius (Ari Butler) meet at a Young Communist League. She wants to become a singer; he wants to change the world. In a country where anti-Semitism and racism flourish, he sees communism as a beacon of hope.

Ethel is less enthralled with politics and concerned that her husband’s affiliation keeps getting him fired. She urges him to quit the Party.

The government discovers secrets have been passed and is relentless in its pursuit of the Rosenbergs, coercing Ethel’s brother and sister-in-law to testify against her in exchange for lighter sentences.

While it appears that Julius did spy for the Soviets, the drawings he passed on were apparently inaccurate and of little value. But Ethel seemed innocent.

More to the point, anti-Communist hysteria and anti-Semitism had as much to do with the conviction (after a brief two-week trial) and severe sentence as any crime they might have committed.

Beber and Pomerantz intended to be the canary in the mine shaft, warning how dangerously close we are to repeating our mistakes in the post-9/11 era.

However, they muddle things up. Ethel has a spirit guide (Adrienne C. Moore). “Who are you,” Ethel asks. “I’m whoever you want me to be,” the guide responds, subsequently asking Rosenberg if she’d ever seen “A Raisin in the Sun,” a play first produced six years after she died.

Ethel’s mom (Tanesha Gary) is played by a black woman using a Yiddish accent usually spouted by comics telling Jewish jokes. I have no major opinion about color-blind casting one way or the other, but the accent is a major distraction.

And it’s not the only one. At a couple of points in the production the cast sings and dances in a way that I’m certain is intended as symbolism. It’s usually helpful though if the audience can figure out what it is symbolic of.

This reminded a little of Alan Cumming’s recent Broadway production of “Macbeth,” a virtual one-man show where he played all the major characters and had Macbeth confined to a mental institution. I kept wondering why Shakespeare wasn’t good enough for him.

Here, too, it seems as though layers were added to an already dramatic story for no other reason than to add layers.<|endoftext|>French Defence minister Jean-Yves Le Drian Le Drian invoked article 42-7 in the EU treaties that provides for the solidarity of member states in the event of an attack on one of them.

French Defence Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian today asked other EU states for help with its military operations abroad and support in its fight against the Islamic State group in Syria and Iraq."France cannot act alone in these theatres," Le Drian told fellow EU defence ministers during a meeting in Brussels, according to aides.Le Drian invoked article 42-7 in the EU treaties that provides for the solidarity of member states in the event of an attack on one of them.His appeal came after Friday's bloodshed in Paris the worst ever terror attacks on French soil."France would like to ask its European partners for their bilateral support in the fight against Daesh in Iraq and Syria as well as increased military participation from member states in operational theatres where France is deployed," an aide told AFP on condition of anonymity, using another Arabic acronym to refer to the Islamic State group. It is the first time that a European Union member state invokes the article, which is similar to NATO's article five which the United States activated after the September 11, 2001 attacks and triggered the alliance's intervention in Afghanistan.<|endoftext|>Current Group, a Germantown-based technology firm, has taken over a nondescript house in Bethesda and turned it into a laboratory for smart-grid technology, the system the company believes will bring the nation's electricity grids into the digital age.

In the front yard stands a utility pole hooked up to a special transformer that connects the power lines to high-speed Internet. Hundreds of sensors attached to the lines monitor how power flows through the home. That information is then sent back to the utility company.

The process, Current says, lets a utility more efficiently manage the distribution of electricity by allowing two-way communication between consumers and energy suppliers via the broadband network on the power lines. Based on data they receive from hundreds of homes, utilities can monitor usage and adjust output and pricing in response to demand. Consumers can be rewarded with reduced rates by cutting back on consumption during peak periods. And computerized substations can talk to each other so overloaded circuits hand off electricity to underused ones, helping to prevent blackouts.

"Utility companies are deaf, dumb and blind to the problems on hundreds of thousands of lines in local distribution areas," said Jay Birnbaum, Current's senior vice president. "These are extremely old grids, and the technicians don't know how to measure what's going on."

Smart grid technology aims to change that.

Some utility companies, including Pepco in Maryland and the District, have launched initiatives to give consumers data about their energy consumption habits in an effort to lower energy bills. Smart-grid technology takes such programs further by automating electricity distribution, which proponents say would make grids more reliable and efficient.

By partnering with utilities, the company hopes to tap into $4.5 billion in stimulus grants intended to spur smart-grid development. When he announced the funding, President Obama pointed to a project in Boulder, Colo., as an example of a successful smart-grid experiment. Current is one of the companies working on the project.

The Boulder project also involves Arlington-based GridPoint, which provides software and information technology services to help run the smart grid, and Accenture, best known in the Washington area for government consulting work.

GridPoint's product lets utilities and consumers measure how energy is being used by appliances or air-conditioning systems in a home. Karl Lewis, GridPoint's chief strategy officer, said the online software will be even more useful when folks need to charge plug-in electric hybrid vehicles.

"A utility may give you an incentive to not plug your car in at 7 p.m. so you aren't using energy in a peak period," he said. "Instead, maybe you'll plug it in at 2 a.m. and, in return, you may pay lower rates.

"You can see how much your A/C system is costing every month, and how much you can save by turning your thermostat up two degrees," Lewis added.

Smart-grid projects require many components -- digital meters and software systems, for example -- allowing both smaller and larger firms to compete. Current started out aiming to provide broadband service over power lines, but shifted to providing the grid communications system when utilities' adoption of Internet via power lines was slower than expected. GridPoint initially produced appliances to store energy produced by solar panels.<|endoftext|>1 of 8 View Caption

Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Salt Lake City Council member, Charlie Luke. Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Salt Lake City Councilwoman Lisa Adams goes door-to-door in the area around 653 E. Simpson Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune A classroom for toddlers at Lit'l Scholars Learning Center in Salt Lake CityThursday Decemb Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Salt Lake City Mayor Jackie Biskupski announced the sites of four planned homeless shelters Trent Nelson | Tribune file photo Salt Lake City Council Member Erin Mendenhall worries about the council being cut out of decis Trent Nelson | The Salt Lake Tribune Salt Lake City Councilwoman Lisa Adams goes door-to-door in the area around 653 E. Simpson Steve Griffin / The Salt Lake Tribune David Litvack, Salt Lake City deputy chief of staff, left, and Erin Mendenhall, Salt Lake Steve Griffin / The Salt Lake Tribune Erin Mendenhall, Salt Lake City Council member, Patrick Leary, Salt Lake City Chief of Sta<|endoftext|>ONE suspicion going into this match was that premiership-hardened Hawthorn would better handle the pressure of a Grand Final.

And that’s exactly how it proved.

Another suspicion was that the Eagles’ defensive zoning would be less effective on the wide expanses of the MCG.

Jot that one down as confirmed, too.

And apart from two bursts of Eagles tenacity either side of halftime, Hawthorn dominated this contest so comprehensively that it proved another suspicion: that they are the equal of any great team of the AFL era.

The first half told the story.

The vastly experienced Hawks sized up the pressure of playing on football’s grandest stage, chewed it up and spat it out. Meanwhile, the Eagles choked on it.

There were countless examples. Shaun Burgoyne helped set the tone early by fearlessly running back with the flight for an overhead mark in front of the oncoming Nic Naitanui and Josh Gibson.

Isaac Smith did the same 30 seconds later.

Hawthorn players celebrate a third straight flag. Picture: Michael Klein Source: News Corp Australia

Whenever there was a loose 50-50 ball it seemed the Hawks were first to it, such as when Grant Birchall instinctively put his head down, attacked the Sherrin and charged through a hesitant Jamie Cripps on centre wing.

NORM SMITH: RIOLI DEDICATES MEDAL TO MURDERED MATE

MARK ROBINSON: HAWK FLAG A THING OF RARE BEAUTY

BAD REVIEWS: ELLIE GOULDING PANNED FOR PRE-MATCH PERFORMANCE

The Hawks’ harassment whenever an Eagle took possession was superb, as Mark Hutchings would attest.

In quick succession during the second quarter he was chased down by Cyril Riloi, hip and shouldered by Burgoyne and wrapped up by David Hale as he tried to charge through a pack.

Cyril Rioli and Ryan Schoenmakers celebrate a Hawthorn goal. Source: AAP

In contrast, the Eagles at times looked overwhelmed by the occasion.

Moments such as Josh Hill, hemmed in against the boundary in the forward pocket, trying a ridiculously difficult soccer off the ground and kicking it out of bounds.

Or Jack Darling dropping an uncontested chest mark in the forward 50 just as the Eagles had a hint of momentum.

The best example of the difference between the teams came 20 minutes into the match, when Darling attempted to switch play across half-back only for his kick to miss the target.

Hawthorn swept the ball to full-forward and when it spilled to the turf the Hawks’ forwards laid three tackles in a row, pressuring Jeremy McGovern into scrappy kick to Sam Mitchell. His clever handball then set up a Grant Birchall goal.

A dejected Nic Naitanui after the game. Picture: Daniel Wilkins Source: News Corp Australia

Hawthorn had clean hands and the composure to hit its targets. West Coast had neither.

During a decisive 30-minute spurt in the first half, Hawthorn kicked nine unanswered goals while the Eagles wasted their chances, with senior players Shannon Hurn and Matt Priddis both pushing straightforward shots wide from 35m.

The Hawks also managed to use their precise short-passing skills to unpick what has become known as the “Weagles Web’’. They had 102 more uncontested possessions and 80 more uncontested marks.

Isaac Smith takes a flying mark over Taylor Duryea. Picture: Mark Dadswell Source: News Corp Australia

Not only that, but they played on quickly at half-back to deny the Eagles the chance to set up their defensive structure.

Norm Smith Medallist Rioli also showed that defensive zoning can be a risky business when you offer two metres of space to a matchwinner with scintillating speed.

HEROES AND VILLAINS: EVERY GRAND FINAL PLAYER RATED

TURNING POINTS: SEVEN SUPER GRAND FINAL MOMENTS

LIVE HQ: FULL STATS AND SUPERCOACH POINTS

One suspicion that did not eventuate was that West Coast would be the team to run out the game stronger in the sapping heat.

Coach Alastair Clarkson used his bench 67 times to 49 in the first half and, with a sniff of history, the veteran Hawks players actually looked stronger as the match wore on.

By the time the margin got out to 50 points just before the final break the Hawk hat-trick was a formality and the sting went out of the contest.

Rioli was superb throughout in creating opportunities for teammates and setting up scoring chances, but Isaac Smith was not far behind. Mitchell was damaging with his usual swag of disposals and Burgoyne was one part silk one part granite, particularly when the match was won early.

Perhaps the loudest cheer of the afternoon came when sentimental favourite Ryan Schoenmakers flew on the Members’ wing to take the best overhead mark of his career late in the quarter.

In contrast, maybe the loudest cheer for an Eagle was the Bronx version that came when Coleman Medallist Josh Kennedy took a mark on the lead early in the last quarter. He was comprehensively outplayed by former Melbourne full-back James Frawley.

In the end, Schoenmakers and Frawley would be the two names added to the premiership pantheon, not the 19 new names at West Coast.

HAWTHORN 5.0 9.3 14.5 16.11 (107)

WEST COAST 1.5 3.8 5.9 8.13 (61)

GOALS

Hawthorn: Gunston 4, Smith 3, Rioli 2, Hodge, Roughead, Birchall, Schoenmakers, Hill, McEvoy, Suckling

West Coast: McGovern 2, Darling, Hill, Hutchings, LeCras, Shuey, Yeo

BEST

Hawthorn: Rioli, Smith, Mitchell, Burgoyne, Frawley, Hodge, Gunston, Gibson.

West Coast: Shuey, Gaff, Priddis, Hutchings, Le Cras.

Injuries: Nil. Reports: Nil.

Umpires: Dalgleish, Rosebury, Stevic

Official crowd: 98,633 at MCG

WARWICK GREEN’S VOTES

3 – Rioli (Haw)

2 – Smith (Haw)

1 – Mitchell (Haw)<|endoftext|>If Congress is unable to reach agreement on a deal to avoid the so-called “fiscal cliff,” the biggest losers will not be taxpayers, whose tax rates are merely returning to 2002 levels, but the 2.1 million Americans—and their families—whose unemployment benefits ran out as of December 29. That was the expiration date of the federal Emergency Unemployment Compensation program, a Labor Department program that extends unemployment compensation to long-term unemployed workers who have already collected all regular state benefits for which they were eligible.

Given the poor prospects for a fiscal cliff deal, Democrats plan to introduce legislation preserving the Bush tax rates for incomes up to $250,000 a year and extending the unemployment benefits program through next year, which would cost $30 billion, according to the Congressional Budget Office.

“I believe such a proposal could pass both houses with bipartisan majorities – as long as these leaders allow it to come to a vote,” said President Barqck Obama in his weekly address. “If they still want to vote no, and let this tax hike hit the middle class, that’s their prerogative – but they should let everyone vote. That’s the way this is supposed to work.”

Meanwhile, some economists argue that a benefit cut-off, combined with the end of the payroll tax cut, could throw the nation back into recession, which would cause even more unemployment and needless human suffering. Some also contend that the recent holiday shopping season suffered poor sales partly because of the looming fiscal uncertainty, including the benefits cutoff.

If all this seems strangely familiar, it’s because in summer 2010, extended unemployment benefits actually lapsed for several weeks while the Senate argued and dithered over funding before finally passing legislation. That time, recipients received lump sum retroactive benefit checks, which is expected to be the case this time around as well, assuming a deal is reached.

-Matt Bewig

To Learn More:

Congress Almost Certain To Blow Unemployment Deadline (by Arthur Delaney, Huffington Post)

Extended Emergency Unemployment Compensation will Expire for 2.1 Million Recipients on December 29 (by HoundDog, DailyKos)

Half a Million Long-Term Unemployed Lose Benefits Earlier than Expected (by Noel Brinkerhoff, AllGov)<|endoftext|>LLVM 3.2 released

From: Chris Lattner <clattner-AT-apple.com> To: llvm-announce-AT-cs.uiuc.edu Subject: LLVM 3.2 Release! Date: Thu, 20 Dec 2012 23:03:39 -0800 Message-ID: <A460C214-1BB5-4989-9B2A-F7FE0980A19C@apple.com> Archive-link: Article

LLVM Fans, LLVM 3.2 is done!! Get it here: http://llvm.org/releases/ or read about it: http://llvm.org/releases/3.2/docs/ReleaseNotes.html Despite only it being a bit over 6 months of development since 3.1, LLVM 3.2 is a huge leap, delivering a wide range of improvements and new features. Clang now includes industry-leading C++'11 support, improved diagnostics, C11 and Objective-C improvements (including "ObjC literals" support), and the Clang static analyzer now has the ability to do inter-procedural (cross- function) analysis along with improved Objective-C support. LLVM 3.2 now includes an (early in development) auto-vectorizer, and includes tuning support for several new ARM CPU variants, code generation support for the NVIDIA PTX virtual ISA, a significantly improved SROA pass, improvements in AVX2 support in X86 CPUs, major leaps in the MIPS backend (including integrated assembler and disassembler support), dramatic improvements to ELF PowerPC64 support, LLDB is now a rock solid debugger on Mac OS X, and an uncountable number of bug fixes and other minor improvements has landed in this release. For more details, please see the full release notes linked above. This release would not be possible without our volunteer release team! Thanks to our amazing new release manager Paweł Wodnicki, as well as Nikola Smiljanic, Nakamura Takumi, Duncan Sands and Bill Wendling for their work to qualify and shepherd the release. If you have questions or comments about this release, please contact the LLVMdev mailing list! Onward to LLVM 3.3! -Chris LLVM 3.1 Release Announcement: http://lists.cs.uiuc.edu/pipermail/llvm-announce/2012-May... _______________________________________________ llvm-announce mailing list llvm-announce@cs.uiuc.edu http://lists.cs.uiuc.edu/mailman/listinfo/llvm-announce<|endoftext|>Report: Daily Free-to-Air Share Channels: All Free-to-Air Channels Market: 5 City Metro (aggregate figure) Demographics: Total People Day-part: 18:00 – 24:00 Day: Sunday Deliverable: Overnight, Consolidated 7 and Consolidated 28 Channel Overnight Consolidated 7 Consolidated 28 06/08/2017 30/07/2017 09/07/2017 ABC 10.9% 9.4% 9.4% ABC2 2.6% 2.3% 2.3% ABC ME 0.9% 0.7% 0.6% ABC NEWS 1.2% 1.4% 1.3% ABC Network 15.6% 13.8% 13.7% Seven 22.1% 26.8% 21.5% 7TWO 3.0% 2.4% 2.8% 7mate 4.3% 3.1% 2.9% 7flix 3.1% 2.5% 1.6% Seven Network 32.5% 34.7% 28.8% Nine 23.3% 22.4% 27.8% 9GO! 4.2% 3.5% 3.0% 9Gem 2.4% 2.4% 2.0% 9Life 2.6% 2.1% 2.1% Nine Network 32.6% 30.4% 34.8% TEN 9.6% 11.5% 11.2% ONE 1.8% 2.1% 2.3% ELEVEN 1.4% 2.5% 1.4% Network Ten 12.8% 16.2% 14.9% SBS 4.7% 3.4% 6.3% SBS VICELAND 0.9% 0.9% 0.6% SBS Food Network 0.7% 0.5% 0.7% NITV 0.2% 0.2% 0.3% SBS Network 6.5% 4.9% 7.8%

Report: Top 20 Programs Channels: All Free-to-Air Market: 5 City Metro (aggregate figure), Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide & Perth Demographics: Total People Day-part: 02:00 – 26:00 Day: Sunday Date: 06/08/2017 Deliverable: Overnight Rank Description (grouped) Channel \Network (r) 5 City Metro Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth 1 SEVEN NEWS – SUN Seven Network 1,353,000 286,000 365,000 237,000 254,000 210,000 2 THE BLOCK -SUN Nine 1,212,000 364,000 410,000 243,000 101,000 94,000 3 NINE NEWS SUNDAY Nine 1,169,000 396,000 373,000 238,000 81,000 80,000 4 HELL’S KITCHEN AUSTRALIA-LAUNCH Seven Network 817,000 235,000 225,000 149,000 92,000 117,000 5 60 MINUTES Nine 793,000 246,000 239,000 158,000 73,000 77,000 6 ABC NEWS SUNDAY-EV ABC 773,000 205,000 229,000 128,000 106,000 106,000 7 BLUE MURDER: KILLER COP Seven Network 717,000 205,000 230,000 100,000 80,000 103,000 8 SEVEN’S AFL: SUNDAY AFTERNOON FOOTBALL Seven Network 621,000 21,000 253,000 16,000 250,000 81,000 9 AUSTRALIAN SURVIVOR SUN Network Ten 606,000 158,000 215,000 97,000 62,000 75,000 10 GRAND DESIGNS NEW ZEALAND-EV ABC 535,000 148,000 143,000 101,000 74,000 69,000 11 POLDARK-EV ABC 482,000 125,000 136,000 85,000 53,000 84,000 12 KILLER WOMEN WITH PIERS MORGAN Nine 383,000 118,000 116,000 73,000 36,000 39,000 13 THE MAKING OF DAVID ATTENBOROUGH’S GALAPAGOS RPT ABC 355,000 110,000 95,000 57,000 34,000 60,000 14 DEATH IN PARADISE RPT ABC 316,000 75,000 106,000 57,000 41,000 38,000 15 BULL Network Ten 303,000 74,000 112,000 47,000 33,000 37,000 16 MODERN FAMILY EP 2 RPT Network Ten 293,000 79,000 97,000 43,000 28,000 46,000 17 TEN EYEWITNESS NEWS SUN Network Ten 292,000 84,000 73,000 61,000 23,000 51,000 18 SUNDAY AFTERNOON NRL LIVE Nine 291,000 196,000 0 94,000 0 0 19 INSIDERS-AM ABC 284,000 84,000 87,000 61,000 23,000 29,000 20 DUNKIRK: THE NEW EVIDENCE SBS Network 277,000 51,000 111,000 50,000 26,000 39,000

Report: Top 20 Programs Channels: All free-to-air Multi Channels Market: 5 City Metro (aggregate figure), Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Adelaide & Perth Demographics: Total People Day-part: 02:00 – 26:00 Day: Sunday Date: 06/08/2017 Deliverable: Overnight Rank Description (grouped) Channel \Market (r) 5 City Metro Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth 1 M- BATTLESHIP-PM 7mate 219,000 47,000 75,000 29,000 23,000 45,000 2 THE BIG BANG THEORY-EP.5 PM 7flix 190,000 42,000 56,000 35,000 22,000 34,000 3 THE FORCE – BEHIND THE LINE-PM (R) 7TWO 189,000 52,000 45,000 28,000 24,000 41,000 4 SHAUN THE SHEEP-EV ABC2 187,000 55,000 34,000 36,000 30,000 32,000 5 BORDER SECURITY: INTERNATIONAL-EP.2 PM 7TWO 179,000 34,000 49,000 33,000 19,000 44,000 6 JUPITER ASCENDING -EV 9GO! 177,000 39,000 62,000 25,000 27,000 25,000 7 THE BIG BANG THEORY-EP.4 PM 7flix 169,000 41,000 49,000 26,000 21,000 31,000 8 BEN AND HOLLY’S LITTLE KINGDOM-EV ABC2 169,000 43,000 31,000 39,000 29,000 27,000 9 OLOBOB TOP-AM ABC2 160,000 33,000 50,000 42,000 16,000 20,000 10 HEY DUGGEE-AM ABC2 157,000 35,000 48,000 30,000 21,000 23,000 11 PEPPA PIG-AM ABC2 153,000 33,000 44,000 41,000 16,000 19,000 12 THE BIG BANG THEORY-EP.3 PM 7flix 149,000 30,000 53,000 18,000 20,000 28,000 13 PETER RABBIT-EV ABC2 145,000 36,000 24,000 40,000 27,000 20,000 14 THE BIG BANG THEORY-PM (R) 7flix 143,000 32,000 40,000 29,000 23,000 19,000 15 FLIP OR FLOP -EV TX1 9Life 141,000 26,000 58,000 12,000 16,000 28,000 16 OCTONAUTS-EV ABC2 140,000 38,000 19,000 37,000 26,000 19,000 17 DOROTHY THE DINOSAUR-AM ABC2 140,000 34,000 46,000 20,000 21,000 19,000 18 PJ MASKS-AM ABC2 139,000 25,000 40,000 35,000 18,000 21,000 19 BORDER SECURITY: INTERNATIONAL-PM 7TWO 136,000 24,000 44,000 22,000 13,000 34,000 20 FLIP OR FLOP -EV 9Life 133,000 23,000 60,000 17,000 10,000 23,000

Free to Air: 25-54 demographics (Overnight)

Rank Description (grouped) Channel \Network (r) 5 City Metro Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth 1 THE BLOCK -SUN Nine 612,000 165,000 221,000 132,000 49,000 44,000 2 NINE NEWS SUNDAY Nine 467,000 163,000 148,000 91,000 31,000 34,000 3 SEVEN NEWS – SUN Seven Network 445,000 99,000 115,000 84,000 89,000 58,000 4 60 MINUTES Nine 384,000 108,000 128,000 87,000 33,000 28,000 5 HELL’S KITCHEN AUSTRALIA-LAUNCH Seven Network 377,000 119,000 97,000 72,000 40,000 48,000

Free to Air: 18-49 demographics (Overnight)

Rank Description (grouped) Channel \Network (r) 5 City Metro Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth 1 THE BLOCK -SUN Nine 548,000 161,000 191,000 117,000 41,000 38,000 2 NINE NEWS SUNDAY Nine 377,000 138,000 115,000 75,000 22,000 27,000 3 SEVEN NEWS – SUN Seven Network 373,000 75,000 101,000 67,000 83,000 48,000 4 60 MINUTES Nine 331,000 98,000 106,000 77,000 25,000 26,000 5 HELL’S KITCHEN AUSTRALIA-LAUNCH Seven Network 327,000 98,000 92,000 62,000 34,000 43,000

Free to Air: 16-39 demographics (Overnight)

Rank Description (grouped) Channel \Network (r) 5 City Metro Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide Perth 1 THE BLOCK -SUN Nine 330,000 106,000 106,000 71,000 22,000 25,000 2 SEVEN NEWS – SUN Seven Network 212,000 39,000 61,000 38,000 47,000 28,000 3 AUSTRALIAN SURVIVOR SUN Network Ten 208,000 55,000 78,000 31,000 19,000 26,000 4 NINE NEWS SUNDAY Nine 207,000 81,000 58,000 43,000 9,000 16,000 5 HELL’S KITCHEN AUSTRALIA-LAUNCH Seven Network 205,000 61,000 58,000 40,000 22,000 24,000

Report: Top 20 Programs Channels: All Subscription Channels Market: National STV Demographics: Total People Day-part: 02:00 – 26:00 Day: Sunday Date: 06/08/2017 Deliverable: Overnight Rank Description Channel \Market (r) National STV 1 LIVE: NRL PANTHERS V WESTS TIGERS FOX LEAGUE 252,000 2 LIVE: AFL ADELAIDE V PORT ADELAIDE FOX FOOTY 221,000 3 LIVE: AFL ST KILDA V WEST COAST FOX FOOTY 219,000 4 LIVE: NRL SEA EAGLES V ROOSTERS FOX LEAGUE 202,000 5 LIVE: AFL RICHMOND V HAWTHORN FOX SPORTS 503 170,000 6 LIVE: AFL: BOUNCE FOX FOOTY 117,000 7 LIVE: AFL: BEFORE THE BOUNCE FOX FOOTY 90,000 8 LIVE: THE WEEKEND WRAP FOX LEAGUE 86,000 9 DOCTOR STRANGE Foxtel Movies Premiere 69,000 10 NCIS TVH!TS 61,000 11 BING Nick Jr. 55,000 12 ALVINNN!!! AND THE CHIPMUNKS Nick Jr. 52,000 13 PEPPA PIG Nick Jr. 51,000 14 PUFFIN ROCK Nick Jr. 50,000 15 PAW PATROL Nick Jr. 49,000 16 COURT JUSTICE: SYDNEY crime + investigation 49,000 17 NCIS TVH!TS 48,000 18 AFL TODAY FOX FOOTY 47,000 19 PEPPA PIG Nick Jr. 47,000 20 BLAZE AND THE MONSTER MACHINES Nick Jr. 47,000

© OzTAM Pty Limited 2017. The Data may not be reproduced, published or communicated (electronically or in hard copy) without the prior written consent of OzTAM. Program performance and ranking information subject to change when not based on final program logs. Ranking information is for individual episodes. Includes Preliminary data.

Related<|endoftext|>Karen Teramura and BJ Fulton, UH IfA

Astronomers have discovered a planetary system orbiting a star only 54 light-years away with the Automated Planet Finder (APF) at Lick Observatory and ground-based telescopes in Hawaii and Arizona.

The team discovered the planets by detecting a wobble of the star HD 7924 as a result of the gravitational pull of the planets orbiting around it. All three planets orbit the star at a distance closer than Mercury orbits the Sun, completing their orbits in just 5, 15, and 24 days.

The APF facility at Lick Observatory offers a way for astronomers to speed up the exoplanet search. The fully robotic telescope searches for planets every clear night of the year, so planets and their orbits can be discovered and traced quickly.

“The APF is great for two reasons. One, it has the superb Levy spectrometer. Two, it is a modern computer-controlled telescope so we can automate it. This combination means that we can observe stars night and night out to look for the wobble,” said Bradford Holden from from UC Observatories (UCO), who helped to make the telescope robotic.

“The automation of the telescope means that astronomers can fully use all the time available, and make discoveries faster,” he said.

Training computers to run the observatory all night, without human oversight, took years of effort by the UCO staff and graduate students on the discovery team.

“We initially used APF like a regular telescope, staying up all night searching star to star. But the idea of letting a computer take the graveyard shift was more appealing after months of little sleep. So we wrote software to replace ourselves with a robot,” said Benjamin “BJ” Fulton from the University of Hawaii.

The Keck Observatory found the first evidence of planets orbiting HD 7924, discovering the innermost planet in 2009 using the HIRES instrument installed on the 10-meter Keck I Telescope. This same combination was also used to find other super-Earths orbiting nearby stars in planet searches led by University of Hawaii astronomer Andrew Howard and UC Berkeley professor Geoffrey Marcy. It took five years of additional observations at Keck Observatory and the year-and-a-half campaign by the APF telescope to find the two additional planets orbiting HD 7924. The Automatic Photometric Telescope (APT) at Fairborn Observatory in Arizona also made crucial measurements of the brightness of HD 7924 to assure the validity of the planet discoveries.

The Kepler space telescope has discovered thousands of extrasolar planets and demonstrated that they are common in our Milky Way Galaxy. However, nearly all of these planets are far from our solar system. Most nearby stars have not been thoroughly searched for the small “super-Earth” planets — larger than Earth but smaller than Neptune — that Kepler found in great abundance.

This discovery shows the type of planetary system that astronomers expect to find around many nearby stars in the coming years. “The three planets are unlike anything in our solar system, with masses 7–8 times the mass of Earth and orbits that take them very close to their host star,” said Lauren Weiss from UC Berkeley.

Observations by APF, APT, and Keck Observatory helped verify the planets and rule out other explanations. “Starspots, like sunspots on the Sun, can momentarily mimic the signatures of small planets. Repeated observations over many years allowed us to separate the starspot signals from the signatures of these new planets,” said Evan Sinukoff from UH.

The robotic observations of HD 7924 are the start of a systematic survey for super-Earth planets orbiting nearby stars. Fulton will lead this two-year search with the APF. “When the survey is complete, we will have a census of small planets orbiting Sun-like stars within approximately 100 light-years of Earth,” said Fulton.<|endoftext|>Planning a trip to Chiang Mai? Find your ideal hotel here, or sign up to Airbnb and save money on your Chiang Mai trip! Also, consider booking a Chiang Mai tour with a local guide!

As the undisputed digital nomad capital of Thailand, Chiang Mai has many places to work form, and not only co-working spaces. There are plenty of hipsters cafés especially in the Nimman area (where we stayed) which are perfect for getting some work done in. These were our favourites.

Expect to pay around 60฿ for a coffee in these places, most of which also have soy milk.

(Last update: 24th January 2017)

SS1254372 Cafe

Perhaps our favourite café to work from in Chiang Mai, this nicely designed place is attached to a pretty cool art gallery and shop and serves nice food and drinks. One or two of the brunches are veganiseable and the Thai (soy) milk tea is excellent. There aren’t a huge number of tables or power sockets, but the staff are friendly, the chairs are comfortable, the wifi is decent and the atmosphere is conducive to work with a mix of digital nomads and brunching couples.

Details

Address: 22/1 Soi Nimmanahaeminda 17, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: yes

Nine One Coffee

With lots of natural light and gentle music, this café is a nice place to work. There are a couple of low chairs and a high desk with high chairs that can also be used as a standing desk as well as a few power sockets. Located in a quiet soi off the Nimmahaeminda road and facing a cute courtyard with a hipster barber shop, wine bar and nail parlour as neighbours, the vibe is relaxed and conducive to work. I recommend the Thai (soy) milk tea.

Details

Address: 11 Soi Nimmanahaeminda, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: yes

9th Street Café ( Closed! )

This narrow little café has several good spots for working, good coffee and decent wifi. The chairs are a little hard but there are several power sockets and staff will leave you alone to work. It can be a little dark inside, but this is probably a good thing on intensely hot and sunny days!

Details

Address: 12/4 Nimmana Haeminda Lane 9, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: yes

Kaweh ( Closed! )

The only place on this list that is open 24 hours, Kaweh is an excellent place to come to work for several hours and be left alone. The drinks are tiny and perhaps a little overpriced, but the space is large with varied places to work including regular tables, high tables and sofas. Some of the power sockets may have seen better days and a few of the cushioned bench seats are extremely uncomfortable, but there’s enough space that you should be able to find a decent spot.

Details

Address: Sirimangklajarn Road, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: yes

Bay’s Café

Attached to Food4Thought (an excellent restaurant with plenty of vegan options) Bay’s Café is the place to come for drip coffee in Chiang Mai. The eponymous Bay is extremely knowledge about coffee, perhaps one of the authority on the subject in Thailand, and can talk extensively about it and his approach to serving it.

The café is also something of an accidental cat café as Charles and Bay feed and welcome in a few strays who will happily curl up with you while you work if you let them. There are power sockets in the indoor section as well as a few outside. As well as all the food available from Food4Thought, there are also some excellent vegan brownies and cookies for sale here.

Details

Address: 15/5 Moo 1 Soi Sudjai, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: yes

The Barn: Eatery and Design

Perhaps the most hipster arty café we found in Chiang Mai, this place is a decent workplace. The interior is not huge, and there are only about four or five decent tables to work at, and not an over abundance of power sockets, but the vibe is both arty and conducive to work with a few local students also often using it to study from. The juices are recommendable and they have a few cakes, though none vegan.

Details

Address: 14 Srivichai Road (at Soi 4), Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: no

Artisan Café

A very cosy space with only space for about six people to work on laptops at one time, this small café specialises in drip coffee and has a few baked goods (none that are vegan, unfortunately). The wifi is excellent and the soft background music mixed with the gentle hubbub of the staff and customers chatting serve to create a nice work environment. There are not many power sockets and chairs are somewhat hard but there are a few cushions lying around.

Details

Address: Soi Mengrairassamee, Sermsuk Road, Chiang Mai

Foursquare; Facebook

Soy milk: no

My Secret Cafe in Town

The only place on this list in the Old Town, this somewhat hidden café may not scream workplace upon first viewing, but we found it actually ticked quite a few boxes: fast wifi, comfortable (and varied) seating, free water, cool but unobtrusive music and a few power sockets. Also, there is a small art gallery upstairs when you want a quick break from your screen. The staff are friendly but leave you alone to get stuff done. It’s nicely designed and we found the atmosphere very calming and conducive to either working or just relaxing.

Details

Address: 175/12 Rachadamnoen Road, Chiang Mai

Foursquare

Soy milk: yes

I have created a Foursquare list of all these places so you can easily save and find them.

You can also download this guide in the GPSMyCity app!

Pin this guide!

To find out more about how we travel as digital nomads, get our free ebook “How We Travel as Gay, Vegan, Digital Nomads” when you sign up to our monthly newsletter with the form below!<|endoftext|>Photo

John Noerr and his 5-year-old son were chasing snakes in the Adirondacks last month when they stumbled on a grimy, expensive digital camera sitting in a foot of water in a stream.

Mr. Noerr, a 39-year-old art teacher, took a screwdriver and pried open a flap that concealed the camera’s memory card. He extracted the card, cleaned it off and put it in his computer.

On it he found a mystery.

There were 581 pictures. Many seemed to be from New York City, 250 miles away. There were pictures from Union Square. There were pictures of a sign that said “real estate.” A woman had taken a picture of herself in a mirror. The most recent picture, from June 2009, had been taken very close to the spot Mr. Noerr found the camera, north of Pharaoh Lake.

For three weeks, Mr. Noerr, who lives in Vermont but is spending the summer in the little town of Adirondack, N.Y., searched for the owner of the camera, a Canon Rebel XT that no longer appears to work.

Dead ends were many. He noticed the name “Ziggy Comeau” on the real estate sign in the photo, called the agent and spoke with his wife, who didn’t know anything about the camera.

One photo showed a market in Park Slope, Brooklyn. No leads there, either. Another photo that jumped out showed a bright purple door with address number 322. “I didn’t have street names. I just had house numbers,” Mr. Noerr said.

Photo

Exploring Brooklyn on Google Maps, Mr. Noerr spotted a purple door, on Fourth Street in Park Slope.

“Of all the purple doors in the universe I found the right one by accident,” he said. But the purple door turned out to be a dead end, too.

Mr. Noerr, whose quest was first reported by the Glens Falls, N.Y., Post-Star, did not give up. Scanning the time stamps on the photos, he noticed that two that had been taken 88 seconds apart: one of a sunset that showed a street sign for Third Avenue at a traffic light, and one of a gray house with the number 327 on it.

So he began poring through Google Maps along every intersection of a Third Avenue in New York City that had a traffic light. After hours of searching, he found the house: 327 80th Street in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn.

Photo

Quickly, he tracked down the names of the residents. Their last name was Comeau. Mr. Noerr reached out to Janine Comeau on Twitter.

“I felt creepy at the very end when I had her name and I was on her Twitter account,” he said. “It was almost 24 hours before she responded.”

Ms. Comeau replied. She hadn’t lost a camera; her brother, Michael, had.

“I’m ecstatic,” said Michael Comeau, 34, a writer for the financial Web site minyanville.com and amateur photographer. Mr. Comeau had tried to detach the camera from a tripod he had set up on a bridge, lost hold of it and watched it fall off the bridge and out of sight.

Photo

“There are still good people out there,” he said. “Without that, the whole mechanism of the Internet is useless. There are people with good will willing to go through with these things.” One of the photos on the camera was of his ill mother, who has since died. (Mr. Comeau had photographed the real estate sign because it featured his last name; Ziggy and Michael are unrelated.)

For his part, Mr. Noerr has already moved on to other projects. A neighbor, after hearing about his discovery, passed along another mysterious camera. That riddle didn’t take as long to solve.

“Their son was wearing a Cub Scout outfit and clearly visible was the name of the pack and where they’re from,” Mr. Noerr said. “It literally took five minutes.”<|endoftext|>Trump's news conferences promise to be entertaining for his supporters -- and teeth-gnashing for his opponents who can stomach watching them.

I watched the news conference televised today and I loved it. At the beginning a man who didn’t identify himself spoke to the fact that Buzz Feed and CNN ran with a story based on false salacious information about Trump just days before he takes office. He explained that Michael Cohen produced his passport to debunk some of the allegations and then declared what happened as shameful before handing it over to Mike Pence.

During the conference Trump admitted that the DNC had been hacked by Russia pointing out that Russia also unsuccessfully attempted to hack the RNC. He also pointed to the fact that the results of the hacking found that Hillary Clinton was given the questions to the debate ahead of time. He responded to a question from a reporter about Putin liking him with, “If Putin likes me that’s called an asset not a liability… Do you believe that Hillary would be tougher on Putin than me?”

He declared that he’s going to isolate himself from his business even though he is not required to by law. We were informed that he lost millions of dollars ordering all unfinished deals (30 of them) to be closed so as not to give the appearance of a conflict of interest even though there was no requirement.

I think it is more amazing that he is going to donate all profits from foreign government payments made to his hotels to the United States Treasury. This way it is the American people who profit. How can people still believe at this point that he is not out to help America?

Later he said, “Obamacare is a complete and total disaster… its imploding as we sit.” He said he plans to repeal and replace Obamacare simultaneously. “Obamacare is the Democrat’s problem. We are going to take the problem off of the shelves for them.”

Speaking to bringing jobs back to the US he said, “you want to move to another country and you want to fire all of our great American workers… you are going to pay a major border tax.”

He declared Mexico will reimburse us for the wall. I don’t like this to be honest. He said that Mexico was going to pay for it. This is more like when you go to the store and find out the price tag on an item for sale is after a mail in rebate. I don’t want to pay for it then get paid back. What money is he going to have to spend to build the wall until then? There are ways he could do this that would not create a new tax for us but will he do it?

So finally the cherry on top… the most fun was listening to him respond to CNN’s rudeness.

CNN chimed in and tried to speak over another reporter who had been called on, “Since you’re attacking our organization can you give us a question?”

At first Trump ignored him but when he continued to interrupt Trump said he was not going to respond to anything he asked but when the reporter continued still Trump declared “you are fake news”. For which he got applause. This is the comical equivalent of the conversation: Zip it

Don’t they understand that we are tired of the fake news? CNN is a rabid liberal dog that needs to be put down. It’s one thing to have freedom of speech but another to fabricate lies and put them out there as news. I’ve had my own personal experience with CNN and their rabid dog reporting. When I was in the USAF the reported on a top secret mission I was going on that would have been historical. But the mission was canceled because they reported about it. They don’t care who they hurt, they don’t care what lives they put in danger, and they don’t care if it’s true or false as long as it makes them money.

But I tell you what I haven’t felt such satisfaction over watching a conference of that kind ever. There was something about hearing our president elect call them fake news and hearing the applause for it that felt like justice. Proven through Twitter, Trump’s words have power and I would say even shape the views of others. If people didn’t see CNN for the rabid dog they are, they do now.

The other thing he spoke on of note was that his meetings with intelligence are getting leaked and he said that is illegal. Those meetings are supposed to be secret but its being leaked which is a major issue. That is why he has criticized the intelligence agencies so much recently. The liberal media wants to paint it as Trump hating on agencies he has to rely on and creating bad relations but it’s just not true.

When I set out to watch the conference I suspected it would be worth my lunch hour, and it was worth every minute. You can see it for yourself on youtube if you like: Conference<|endoftext|>The Conservative government is punting long-awaited environmental regulations for the oil and gas sector into the indefinite future.

Environment Minister Leona Aglukkaq is refusing to provide a deadline for rules that will force the emissions-heavy sector to clean up its act, although the regulations have been years in the making.

"It is at this time premature for me to say when they will be ready," Aglukkaq told a Commons committee Thursday.

"There has been good progress in that area the last few years, so once they are ready I will share that with the committee."

Her Conservative predecessor in the environment portfolio, Peter Kent, once predicted the regulations would be released last January, then revised the date to this past summer.

"I can't give you a timeline," Aglukkaq said under questioning from NDP and Liberal MPs. "Work continues. When we're ready we'll release them."

The Conservatives have moved on auto-sector emissions — in lock-step with the United States — and on regulating the electricity sector. But the government's own numbers show Canada is not on track to meet its 2020 international pledges on reducing greenhouse gas emissions, even with oil and gas regulations.

NDP environment critic Megan Leslie asked Aglukkaq whether the other sector targets will have to be re-adjusted in order to meet Canada's Copenhagen emissions pledge, or whether the future oil and gas regulations will do the trick.

Aglukkaq appeared not to understand the question.

"We're going to take a sector-by-sector approach," the minister responded. "If you look at Canada from the global stage, we produce less than two per cent of the global greenhouse gas emissions."

Aglukkaq repeatedly stressed to the committee that she is negotiating with the provinces and territories, although she later bridled when reporters asked whether provincial objections are causing the delay.

"I'm not suggesting that at all," said Aglukkaq.

'When we're ready'

The minister initially avoided characterizing the oil and gas industry's attitude toward emissions regulations but after being asked three times she offered a response.

"They have their views and there's a process in place that we'll examine their feedback as well," said Aglukkaq.

"My take on it is that industry wants to do the right thing. They want to do their part to reducing greenhouse gas emissions. They want to be good environmental stewards as well. So this is a partnership and we'll move forward when we're ready."

Liberal environment critic John McKay says the government needs to bring in emissions regulations for the sector in order to give U.S. President Barack Obama an excuse to approve the Keystone XL pipeline.

"Let's face it, Keystone is a proxy fight for GHGs (greenhouse gas emissions)," McKay told reporters.

"And as long as we have no GHG regulations in this country, Obama is in a very, very awkward position."<|endoftext|>More disturbing footage has emerged illustrating the recent surge in anti-Semitism in Europe, as Islamists and extremists from both the hard-left and -right of the political spectrum have used the pretext of Israel's military operation in Gaza to engage in violent attacks and incitement against Jews.

The latest video is from an Islamist rally in the Spanish city of Cueta, and shows what looks to be hundreds of Muslims cheering and chanting during an anti-Semitic diatribe by one of the rally's leaders.

Branding Israel "the arm of the United States", the speaker continues: "The Jews, for decades, for thousands of years, have wanted to exterminate the prophets and everyone on the face of the Earth who is not a Hebrew.

"In the Torah of the Jews it says that they are the chosen people... I swear to God that we will put fear into you until judgement day!"

European countries have seen an alarming rise in anti-Semitism since the start of Operation Protective Edge.

In France, Muslim extremists have attacked several synagogues, and leftist and Islamist rioters torched Jewish-owned businesses and clashed with police as authorities there have struggled to contain the wave of hate.

In Holland, anti-Israel marchers have called to "slaughter the Jews" and several violent attacks have been reported, including one Jewish woman who was subjected to death-threats and firebombs for hanging an Israeli flag outside her home.

Germany as well has seen vocally anti-Semitic demonstrations. During one such march extremists called to "slit Jews' throats" and attempted to attack anyone visibly Jewish. At least one synagogue has been firebombed in recent weeks, and a Berlin imam called to kill "Zionist Jews".

In the UK, although anti-Semitism has not reached such heights, anti-Semitism watchdog the Community Security Trust (CST) registered a nearly 100% rise in anti-Semitism in the first two weeks of last month alone.

Other European countries, including Italy and Belgium, have also seen a slew of anti-Semitic incidents.<|endoftext|>PoliZette America Winning: Economy Adds 235,000 New Jobs February job growth outpaces projections by 20 percent as confidence soars

The new jobs report released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics on Friday appears to be yet more evidence that President Donald Trump’s policies and priorities are renewing confidence in the American economy.

Non-farm payroll employment rose by 235,000 in February, according to the report, while the unemployment rate dropped slightly to 4.7 from 4.8. Significant employment gains were seen in construction, private education, health care, manufacturing, and mining industries.

Significant employment gains were seen in construction, private education, health care, manufacturing, and mining industries.

Advertisement

The number of people employed in the construction industry increased by 58,000 in February, while manufacturing employment increased by 28,000 and the mining industry added 8,000 jobs, according to BLS.

Economists surveyed by The Wall Street Journal predicted that only 197,000 would be added in February.

The new report’s numbers confirm the promising economic analysis published by Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Wednesday, although ADP’s predictions fell short of the numbers published by BLS.

The ADP report indicated 298,000 new jobs added in February, and revealed the significant growth in the construction, manufacturing, and mining industries, for which it predicted employment growth of 66,000, 32,000, and 8,000 respectively — remarkably close to the figures released by BLS Friday.

The ADP report also indicated relatively even growth across the economy, and not just for big businesses. Of the 298,000 new jobs added to the private sector in February, over 75 percent were created by businesses with fewer than 500 employees. Over a third were added to businesses with fewer than 50 employees.

Advertisement

A LinkedIn Workforce Report was also published on Wednesday which revealed that “January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015,” according to a tweet by President Trump.

More recently, on Thursday, Bloomberg announced that its Consumer Comfort Index reached its highest level in a decade. The “Consumer Comfort Index rose to 50.6 in the period ended March 5, the highest since March 2007, from 49.8,” Bloomberg reported, while “sentiment about U.S. economy is strongest since August 2001.”

[lz_related_box id=”370102″]

“Stock indexes near record highs and persistent strength in the job market have lifted the consumer comfort gauge in five of the last six weeks since the inauguration of President Donald Trump. The report showed respondents view the buying climate as the most favorable in nearly 15 years, indicating household spending may rebound after a slow start to 2017,” Bloomberg reported.

Perhaps most importantly, the Bloomberg report revealed that it may not just be Republicans who are satisfied with the direction in which President Trump is taking the country. “While sentiment has been particularly strong among those who vote Republican, the data also showed political independents were the most upbeat since July 2001,” the report said.<|endoftext|>The Scottish Soldiers Project has shed new light on a centuries-old mystery surrounding the last resting place of soldiers who died after being captured and imprisoned in Durham Cathedral and Castle during the 17th Century civil wars.

Archaeologists at Durham University carried out scientific analysis on skeletons discovered in two mass graves on Durham’s UNESCO World Heritage Site in November 2013. In September 2015 the project team was able to conclude that 'the only plausible' explanation was that the skeletons were those of Scottish soldiers captured by English forces following the Battle of Dunbar in September 1650 and taken to Durham on the orders of Oliver Cromwell.

Over the next three years, Durham University led an in-depth research project to learn more about the soldiers, both through scientific analysis of their remains, and far-reaching documentary research.

In May 2018 the remains of the soldiers were laid to rest in Durham, less than a mile from where they were originally found.

These pages provide a wealth of information about the project. If you wish to contact the project team please email scottish.soldiers@durham.ac.uk

More...<|endoftext|>Canadian troops critical to the fight against ISIS have lost a major tax break that had saved them more than $9,000 each over the course of a six-month tour.

The tax breaks, worth between $1,500 to $1,800 per month, are provided to military members who meet certain criteria related to the risk of their duties and the relative hardship of their living conditions while deployed overseas.

Fifteen troops at Camp Arfijan, a base in Kuwait, lost the tax break in September, after the military downgraded the risk level. They fought to get it back, arguing that they faced no less danger or hardship than others stationed in the country.

But instead of restoring the tax break to Camp Arifjan’s military members, the government took the exemption away from the more than 300 troops stationed in Kuwait, who will no longer be eligible as of June 1st, 2017.

One member told CTV News that, out of all the nations fighting ISIS, he believes the Canadians are the only ones who will not be getting the tax break. The Pentagon confirmed to CTV News that all American soldiers deployed to Kuwait receive tax exemption status.

Military sources say the change is already causing hardships. One deployed military member supports his disabled sister and pays his elderly mother’s mortgage, and now their financial future is uncertain.

The mother of an affected man, Glenda Lindsay, said it feels as though her son is being cheated. "They're cutting corners at the troops' expense," she told CTV News.

Defence Minister Harjit Sajjan promised to fix the situation at a defence committee meeting on Dec. 1 when he was pressed by Conservative Defence Critic, James Bezan.

But there has yet to be any change. One affected military member feels like "we got kicked in the stomach."

This story has been updated to correct a line referring to American soldiers who are deployed in Iraq. The soldiers referred to in the story are deployed to Kuwait.<|endoftext|>The movement is no longer about what the Madhes and Madhesis really want

BIKRAM RAI

The crisis in the Madhes need not be intractable. A resolution should be possible if the state concedes that Madhesi grievances are real and have to be corrected, their demands for rights and dignity have to be fulfilled and those who ordered and carried out torture and killings have to be investigated and punished.If a solution means a new compromise on federal boundaries and agreeing to proportional representation based on population, the state has to be flexible on these.But first the Madhesi Morcha has to end the blockade, dealign itself from interventionist forces and give up terror and violence . If they hope to bulldoze their way through unreasonable demands that seek to secure the interests of a neighbouring country than its own citizens, it will lose further legitimacy not just with the government but amongst the very people they claim to represent.The question is whether the Morcha and its backers from within and beyond the borders care. They have quashed international law and diplomatic norms, abandoned politics of principles and have resorted to force, intimidation and bullying to get their demands met.What is unraveling in the Madhes is plain blackmail. What started as a movement for rights has morphed into something sinister . How can the constitutional appointment for naturalised citizens be a Madhesi demand? A bunch of discredited leaders who have no support amongst ordinary Madhesis and were defeated in the last elections are using violence and terror to hold the entire region hostage.There is a deliberate muddling of issues, valid and legitimate demands for dignity and rights have been hijacked by interest groups who are using the most divisive and violent means possible to do so, fuelling communal hatred and radicalism.There is no pretense left. The movement is no longer about what the Madhes and Madhesis want, there is geopolitics at play . Madhesis want dignity and rights, they want a stable and peaceful Nepal where they can earn their livelihood without disruption.Madhesis believe there is a constitutional and democratic means to achieve this and made this abundantly clear with their votes in the 2013 election. The Morcha on the other hand believes in terror, blackmail and raw power. It has no illusions, the alarmist calls for separatism hold no currency amongst ordinary Madhesis who know their interests and survival are tied to Nepal.Working with a foreign country to enforce blockade against fellow Nepalis, inciting violence by offering cash prize for martyrdom, provoking police to react through targeted lynching, throwing petrol bombs at moving buses, setting people ablaze for carrying fuel are Morcha tactics. To support this group and say that it represents ordinary Madhesis and holds sole claim to their demands is deceitful and dangerous.It is tragic that some are willing to support the Indian blockade just because they don’t support the constitution. They want to see Nepal forced to its knees and if that involves millions of people suffering and some losing their lives, it is a small price to pay. Businesses, industries and hospitals are affected, schools are closing down but this makes no difference to this delusional cohort.Supporters of the Morcha, amongst them self-declared intellectuals, are the same people who supported violent groups in the past and opposed demands for accountability of war-crimes. Elitist, removed from reality, they have a deep-seated distrust towards common people whom they claim to speak for. For them, violence is the means to an end.They do not believe in co-existence or in legal and political solutions. The fact that this constitution was voted by more than 90% of elected representatives makes no difference because democratic processes mean nothing to them. The fact that Nepal is actively appointing women and members from minority groups into positions of power and promoting inclusive policies through quotas and representation in state institutions does not impress them.Changes do not happen overnight and institutional reforms would gradually change mindsets and reduce inequalities provided there is stability for these processes to take root. The new constitution has flaws , but with amendments on controversial clauses, especially on citizenship rights, it can be improved. But to reject the entire document and push the country to another decade of uncertainty is criminal and malicious.The Madhesi parties are doing a disservice to themselves and the Madhesi cause by allowing themselves to be pawns. One can only hope that genuine activists will break free of this unholy alliance, re-own the movement and bring it back to where it belongs: to the Nepali people and their government.Despite all attempts to pit one group against the other, we have never been a communal country and we should do all we can to stay that way, even though some resentment has creeped in now. We Nepalis will have to show restraint, resolve and resilience in the days to come.For far too long we allowed misguided people to get away unquestioned and unchallenged for the damage they have done. Let us hold to account those who created polarisation and pushed the country to the edge with their lies, misinformation and compromised silence.<|endoftext|>'Do your mom look like you? We gonna get her too': Chilling words of three men who 'dragged girl, 15, off street and held her captive for three days while repeatedly raping her'

Eddie A. Johnson, 37, Alfred Kulah, 35, and Mortiman Kesselly, 41, all of Pennsylvania, have been charged with the violent sexual assault

Girl was able to escape after three-day ordeal after they left her alone

Three Pennsylvania men kidnapped a 15-year-old girl while she was on her way to her father's house, ripped her clothes off, raped and sodomized her repeatedly as they held her for three days of hell.

Police have charged Eddie A. Johnson, 37, of Philadelphia, and Alfred Kulah, 35, and Mortiman Kesselly, 41, both of Upper Darby, for the unthinkably horrific crime.

The girl told police that the men took her from the street on September 28 and assaulted her repeatedly until the 30th, when she was able to flee and flag down a passing driver.

According to Upper Darby Police Superintendent Michael Chitwood, the men picked up the girl as she was walking along the 6600 block of Upland Street in Southwest Philadelphia.

Horror: Police have charged Eddie A. Johnson, 37, right, of Philadelphia, and Alfred Kulah, 35, below, and Mortiman Kesselly, 41, left, both of Upper Darby, for the unthinkably horrific crime

Trio: According to Upper Darby Police Superintendent Michael Chitwood, the men picked up the girl as she was walking along the 6600 block of Upland Street in Southwest Philadelphia. Alfred Kulah is pictured

She had been visiting her father at around 11p.m. when a car pulled over and the three men grabbed her.

'One of the men jumped out of the vehicle and grabbed her by the right arm,' Superintendent Chitwood said to the Daily Times.

'She tried to pull away and they struggled. That’s when a second man got out of the car and the two men grabbed her and put her in the back seat.'

They held her down so she could not see where they were taking her and a half hour later, they brought her into their Long Lane apartment in Upper Darby.

There, the men took turns sodomizing and raping her for three days.

Kesselly was the first to assault the girl, she told police, as Johnson and Kulah undressed her and held her down.

Assaulted: They held her down so she could not see where they were taking her and a half hour later, they brought her into their Long Lane apartment, pictured, in Upper Darby. There, the men took turns sodomizing and raping her for three days, she said

She woke up Saturday morning and Kesselly was in bed next her, she said, and threatened her family.

'He said, "Do your mom look like you? We gonna get her too,"' the police report states. 'The victim began to cry and told him she wanted to go home.'

The men forced her to wear basketball shorts and took her to another house to shower because the apartment's water wasn't working, police said, and fed her at a local McDonald's.

'Once back inside the apartment, Kesselly put her back in the same bedroom. Kulah entered the room and held her down by her arms,' while Kesselly allegedly raped the girl and Kulah took a turn.

'She stated she began to cry and as she was crying, Johnson got on top of her,' the report said. 'She stated that all three repeatedly raped her throughout the night on Saturday.'

Kidnapped: She had been visiting her father on Upland Street, pictured, around 11p.m. on when a car pulled over and the three men grabbed her

On Sunday morning, Kesselly and Kulah assaulted her again, before the three handed her the TV's remote control and left her alone, police said.

'She was able to flee from captivity and flag down a passing motorist who called her father,' Superintendent Chitwood said. 'I can’t imagine the mental and physical angst she felt.'

Her father took her to the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia where she was treated for the assault. She reported the rape on Monday.

'Do your mom look like you?

We gonna get her too.' Alleged rapist, Mortiman Kesselly

With detectives, she was able to locate the Long Lane apartment where the attacks took place and officials found Mortiman and Kulah. A vehicle matching the girl's description was also found, which was registered under Johnson's name.

Officials said they found the girl's underwear as well as 'significant forensic evidence in the apartment that there was an assault.'

The three were charged with rape, statutory sexual assault, involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, sexual assault, aggravated indecent assault, kidnapping, unlawful restraint, false imprisonment of a juvenile and assault, according to the District Attorney's office.

They were arraigned on Tuesday and held on $100,000 bond.<|endoftext|>The Polish energy company PGNiG has signed a contract for the supply of liquefied natural gas from the United States. This is stated in a press release of the company, which was received on Tuesday in TASS.

This is the first contract for the supply of liquefied gas to the USA from Poland, which will become an alternative to the purchase of this raw material from Russia, the Polish company said. The deal is designed for five years, the contract is not reported by the company.

“This agreement is the first of its kind in the portfolio of medium-term contracts planned for PGNiG on the supply of liquefied gas,” said PGNiG Chairman Piotr Wozniak. “Most of this liquefied natural gas will be destined for the Polish and other Central European markets to improve the energy security of this region, which historically was dominated by Russian gas.”

PGNiG has signed a contract for the supply of liquefied gas with the company Centrica LNG, a division of the same British energy company. Deliveries will be made from the US terminal Sabine Pass in Port Arthur (Texas) on the coast of the Gulf of Mexico and taken at the terminal in the Polish port town of Swinoujscie.

Source: Maritime News of Russia<|endoftext|>Russian President Vladimir Putin has received a letter in which his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan apologized for the death of the pilot who was killed when a Russian jet was downed over the Syrian-Turkish border last November, the Kremlin said.

Erdogan expressed readiness to restore relations with Moscow, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said on Monday.

The incident involving the downing of the Russian Su-24 bomber led to the worst deterioration of Turkish-Russian relations in recent history, with Russia describing it as a “stab in the back.”

The President of Turkey expressed sympathy and deep condolences to the family of the killed Russian #Su24 pilot — President of Russia (@KremlinRussia_E) June 27, 2016

“The head of the Turkish state expressed his deep sympathy and condolences to the relatives of the deceased Russian pilot and said ‘sorry,’” Peskov said.

In his letter, Erdogan called Russia “a friend and a strategic partner” of Ankara, with whom the Turkish authorities would not want to spoil relations.

“We never had a desire or a deliberate intention to down an aircraft belonging to Russia,” the letter read, according to a statement published on the Kremlin website.

According to the statement, Erdogan’s letter stressed that “the Turkish side undertook all the risks and made a great effort to recover the body of the Russian pilot from the Syrian opposition, bringing it to Turkey. The organization of the pre-burial procedures was conducted in accordance with all religious and military procedures.”

Ankara has treated the family of the dead Russian pilot as if it were a Turkish family and is “ready for any initiatives to relieve the pain and severity of the damage done,” the letter said.

The address by the Turkish leader also informed that a criminal investigation has been launched against the person suspected of killing the Russian pilot, the Kremlin said.

Read more

In addition, Erdogan expressed readiness to tackle security challenges in the region and fight terrorism together with Moscow.

Turkish PM Binali Yildirim said that Ankara was ready to pay compensation for downing the Russian jet.

"The letter's content is very clear. We stated our regrets and if necessary we will pay compensation for this issue,” he said, answering questions on Turkish public broadcaster TRT. He added that reconciliation between Russia and Turkey would not be possible without both sides striving for it.

“Both sides wanted [normalization of the relations]. I think things are improving,” Yildirim said, as cited by internetHaber.

Turkish Hurriyet newspaper reported that sources close to Erdogan have confirmed that the letter with the apology was sent to Moscow.

"I believe we will normalise our relations with Russia rapidly by ending the existing situation which is not in the interest of both sides," Erdogan said later on Monday at a dinner to break the fast for the holy month of Ramadan.

On November 24, 2015, a Russian Su-24 bomber, taking part in an anti-terrorist mission in Syria, was brought down by the Turkish Air Force.

The plane crashed in rebel-held territory in Syria near the Turkish border. The pilots ejected, but one - Lieutenant Colonel Oleg Peshkov - was killed by machine gun fire from the militants on the ground.

Turkish nationalist Alparslan Celik has claimed responsibility for Peshkov's death.

Ankara claimed that it attacked the Russian bomber for violating its airspace, but was never able to provide proof that any wrongdoing took place.

Moscow vigorously denied the Turkish claims, calling the downing of the plane “a stab in the back" from a state which it had considered an ally.

Russia reacted strongly to the incident, imposing a wave of sanctions against Turkey, which affected trade, tourism, joint energy projects and other areas.

From the start, the Kremlin made it clear that restoration of normal relations with Turkey would be impossible without Ankara apologizing and paying compensation to the pilot’s family.

The news of Erdogan’s apology had a positive effect on Turkey’s currency. The Turkish lira rallied to 2.9330 from 2.9430 against the US dollar, Reuters reported.

Turkey's foreign minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu, will take part in a meeting of the foreign ministers of the Organization of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation, due to take place in the Russian resort of Sochi on July 1, Turkish NTV channel reported.

An invitation to participate in the event was sent to Cavusoglu by Russia’s Foreign Ministry last week.

Read more

The Impact made it all the way to the final before falling to Club América.

2. The Miss of the Year

Octavio Rivero should be pretty good for #VWFC, but this miss is just baaaaad. #VANvTFC pic.twitter.com/wRD6LtKXF8 — Andy Edwards (@AndyEdMLS) March 7, 2015

This was from Week 1, and there was never any serious competition for a worse flub this season. Andy was right, of course -- Rivero had a pretty good first season and will probably be even better in 2016. But that miss is spectacular.

3. One Skillcheck to Rule Them All

Take a bow, Dairon Asprilla. That was simply outrageous.

4. A Skillcheck With an End Product

Fabián Castillo went supernova in 2015, earning Best XI honors and a call-up to the Colombian national team. This was his best moment.

5. The Pass of the Year

I don't think people realize what it is Juninho did on this play. He swung his leg across the ball, putting reverse-english on it so that it sliced outward directly into the path of his winger.

That he did it first time and in the face of a closing defender ups the degree of difficulty. That both teams essentially stopped playing for a moment because they just assumed it was going into touch speaks to the amount of dark magic the diminutive Brazilian used to make this play possible.

Galaxy fans will miss him. Lots.

6. The Best Player's Best Goal

Superbe goal de Giovinco pour Toronto pic.twitter.com/0LPJ9Eha1o — Euro 2016 Foot (@euro2016france_) October 23, 2015

I'll remember 2015 as Sebastian Giovinco's year, and the above as his best goal. He made them notice across the pond as well, as he worked his way back into the Azzurri. Maybe we'll see some of this next summer in France?

7. Celebration of the Year

Kei Kamara had a spectacular season, eclipsed only by Giovinco's brilliance. And it didn't take long for him to endear himself to Crew SC faithful, paying homage to the club's roots with this goal celebration from early in the year.

8. How to RageQuit

Clint Dempsey Gets Sent Off For Ripping Up the Referee's Notebook pic.twitter.com/Wvhcd4kVFS — talkingbaws (@talkingbaws) June 17, 2015

Things didn't go according to plan for Clint Dempsey and the Seattle Sounders, either in their US Open Cup loss to the Portland Timbers or in the second half of the regular season and playoffs.

Deuce's Howard Beale moment is one that'll be burned into the consciousness of MLS fans forever.

9. A Taste of Silver

Take a bow, Carl Robinson. In his second year on the job, he led the Vancouver Whitecaps to their first Canadian Championship, and he did so while coaxing something close to across-the-board improvement out of his roster of kids. The 'Caps were one of the youngest teams in MLS in 2015, and for six months they were also one of the best.

They know what victory is now. Onwards and upwards in 2016.

10. A Taste of Silver, Part II

The New York Red Bulls defied expectations after an offseason purge to win their second Supporters' Shield in three years. Sure, they once again fell a goal short in the playoffs -- the fourth straight time that's happened -- but this team is one of only four to walk out of 2015 with some legitimate hardware.

We'll see if they can break their postseason jinx next year.

11. On the Spot

One of the other champions of 2015 were Sporting Kansas City, who took their second US Open Cup in four years thanks to a grind-it-out performance in Philadelphia, capped by a PK shootout victory. The 2015 Open Cup featured record attendances throughout, and the final was broadcast on the ESPN family of networks for the first time since 1999.

It's Sporting's third trophy in the last four years -- they also won the 2013 MLS Cup. All three of their Cup-clinching victories came in shootouts, so they're unbeatable there, right?

12. Wrong

7–10 Split! Saad Abdul-Salaam (Kansas) hits both posts with match point penalty v Portland https://t.co/VvmpCGLrmX pic.twitter.com/w3kLrWjgUT — 101 Great Goals (@101greatgoals) October 30, 2015

This is the closest any eventual MLS Cup champion has come to elimination in the playoffs. Somehow Saad Abdul-Salaam hit both posts in the ninth round of the shootout in the Knockout Round. The Timbers went on to make their next two kicks from the spot, and when Adam Kwarasey saved fellow 'keeper Jon Kempin's attempt, the home side officially advanced.

Portland then outplayed Vancouver and Dallas before ambushing Columbus at MAPFRE Stadium to win their first-ever MLS Cup. There are moments to remember from that run, for sure -- Nat Borchers's commanding presence in the heart of the defense, Diego Chara's understated brilliance at defensive midfield, and Diego Valeri's determined opportunism all practically leap to mind.

But … both posts! I'm still stunned.

Happy new year, everybody. Hopefully 2016 will be just as much fun as 2015 was.<|endoftext|>The hospital where I do much of my elective surgery recently terminated the contract it had with a large Hospitalist group and announced plans to hire Hospitalists directly as hospital employees. A less publicized part of that move is an attempt through the Credentials and Bylaws committees of the medical staff to terminate the credentials of physicians who are associated with that group under an ‘exclusive contract’ provision in the hospital bylaws. In essence that provision states that certain areas are recognized as being best served by an exclusive contract and that physicians credentials to admit and treat patients under those arrangements are contingent on the continued contract.

This has been traditionally applied to services such as Radiology, laboratory services, and Pathology. More recently (20 years) it was applied to Emergency Medicine. At my hospital is has not been applied to Anesthesia, Cardiology, or Hospitalist services. The administration would like to change that.

Standing in the way is specific language in the current bylaws that addresses this eventuality for those areas where exclusive contracts have not previously existed. The proposed change in the bylaws language was put forth by several employed physicians and almost got through committee until a sharp-eyed private practice physician on the committee noticed it and had it removed. (No, it wasn’t I who did that, but I applaud his vigilance)

Why should I care? After all, this is about Hospitalists. I rarely, if ever, use them for my own patients and the group involved does not consult me with any regularity. It would seem that I don’t have a dog in this hunt. But I do. And so does every private practice physician or surgeon who sees patients at this hospital.

“This is just the latest in the low level war between private practice and the big healthcare companies (and their silent partners in the government). “

This is just the latest in the low level war between private practice and the big healthcare companies (and their silent partners in the government). Under the guise of CMS/Medicare requirements, ‘best practice guidelines’, hospital service contracts, and the control of information through the Electronic Medical Record, BigHealth has made the hospital a hostile environment for the solo private practitioner. They have almost completely driven out the Internists. They are limiting the freedoms of the General Surgeon, and have made specialists into mere technicians.

To be sure, we have allowed this to happen to ourselves through complacency, inability to cooperate with each other, and a willingness to cede authority to those with the desire to take it. Unfortunately, those willing to take that authority are employees of or shills for the company. The voice of the private practice doctor has nearly been stilled in favor of ‘clinical consensus groups’ and case managers who dictate everything from antibiotic choice to lengths of stay.

I urge all physicians and surgeons who are still in private practice to stay involved with the governance of your respective hospitals. The people in charge of healthcare these days do not have your best interest at heart. You may or may not believe that private practice is a good business model, but in my experience it is the best guardian of the patients best interest. Don’t cede control to the bureaucrats and bean counters.

Like What You’re Reading?!

Get Dr. Davis’s new book, Dancing in the Operating Room, a collection of these and other short essays about life and love in the world of surgery and medicine, now available from Amazon in print or as an e-book. Check it out!<|endoftext|>Healthcare Reform Continues to Move Forward

Parker O'Brien Blocked Unblock Follow Following Jun 23, 2017

The Senate healthcare bill is out and, by and large, it is a reflection of the House bill. The biggest change is the tax credit structure which gives larger breaks to lower income brackets. This will make the messaging somewhat easier, but let’s be honest, the Democrats and the media were going to attack it no matter what for rolling back any welfare expansion. Most analysis won’t center on whether it will stabilize the failing insurance markets (it will) or reduce baseline premiums (it also will). No, the brainless class warriors will make this into a ‘who wins and who loses.’ They will focus exclusively on supports for income levels, while conveniently ignoring net worth. They will also denounce any reductions in welfare spending, although this spending has zero effect on healthcare outcomes. In effect, the will decry the idea that the old and rich won’t have their high quality healthcare expenses paid for by the young and poor, will simultaneously arguing it is a travesty that the poor aren’t forced to obtain coverage that won’t have any measurable impact on their health. Of course, these were the same people predicting Obamacare would have over 22 million enrolled in the exchanges and premiums would decline by $2,500, so not sure why anyone would listen to them.

This bill offers the same mixed bag to conservatives, entitlement reforms and welfare reductions while largely keeping Obamacare’s regulatory structure intact. The GOP is taking a major political risk in tackling healthcare and entitlement reform. Politically, it would be far easier to allow the continuation of soaring premiums and dysfunctional markets, while hammering the Democrats as the cause of the problems. Instead, they’ve chosen to try and fix the issues, and thus will be assigned the blame for any eventual problems. It may not be the repeal conservatives hoped for, but it does represent a serious attempt to address the problems caused by Obamacare. Republicans have devoted the bulk of their early legislative efforts at putting together this bill and there is little chance they can back out now. Minor dissension may lead to minor changes, but this bill looks set to pass. The sunk cost fallacy demands it.

Follow me on Twitter @parks_dept<|endoftext|>Last night, SpaceX pulled off its final mission of 2017, launching a Falcon 9 rocket out of California’s Vandenberg Air Force Base — and that flight created a spectacular sight in the night sky. The setting sun illuminated the rocket’s expelled gas just right, creating a beautiful white plume above the Earth. But as pretty as the show was, it also led to quite a bit of concern in nearby Los Angeles.

Vandenberg is around 150 miles away from LA, giving the city a front row view of the illuminated rocket:

WOW!!! The view from LA is amazing!!!! People are going to freak out #spacex #IridiumNEXT pic.twitter.com/0mznMRvDKI — Amanda (@alias_amanda) December 23, 2017

That was a beautiful launch, @SpaceX

Now LA, we need to talk. Keep calm, enjoy the pic.twitter.com/vLUbTY1qXw — Bobak Ferdowsi (@tweetsoutloud) December 23, 2017

Big wow. 4K from my Mavic Pro over Alhambra CA of the SpaceX Iridium 4 launch - https://t.co/rpZGqd0NVq - Rocket shows up at 42 seconds. — Doug Ellison (@doug_ellison) December 23, 2017

But many in the City of Angels didn’t exactly know that a rocket launch was happening nearby, leading many to think they had just seen a UFO or that some kind of missile attack was happening. And SpaceX CEO Elon Musk didn’t exactly help matters, joking that the launch was a “Nuclear alien UFO from North Korea.”

#SpaceX gotta give a better Public notice... I aint know if this was a Rocket, aliens, Santa Claus, or North Korea pic.twitter.com/3kbPsTLiJb — JuJu Tha G (@JuJuThaG) December 23, 2017

Since Los Angeles is home to Hollywood, quite a few celebrities also caught a glimpse of the Falcon 9’s climb and took to social media for help.

Wtf Is This pic.twitter.com/vF4fSyRHOG — Jaden Smith (@officialjaden) December 23, 2017

Does anyone know what we just saw in the skies above San Diego? pic.twitter.com/EFNBh87Hc8 — Tony Hawk (@tonyhawk) December 23, 2017

What is that in the Los Angeles sky? pic.twitter.com/15fmC4FgLU — will.i.am (@iamwill) December 23, 2017

The For Your Consideration campaign for I, Tonya is not what I expected. pic.twitter.com/327fmORH3q — billy eichner (@billyeichner) December 23, 2017

To an unsuspecting citizen, such a sight would be pretty terrifying without an explanation. Parts of Los Angeles seemingly received quite a few 911 calls regarding the launch and the Los Angeles Fire Department ended up posting a media advisory. But many space enthusiasts explained to concerned Californians that it was simply SpaceX putting up some satellites, and even the Los Angeles mayor, Eric Garcetti, posted on Twitter to allay people’s fears.

However, one celebrity still believes the truth is out there:<|endoftext|>When I was a new EMT, I responded to a call for an unconscious person. In the basement of a house, I found a woman in her thirties unconscious of the floor and her husband shouting frantically that his wife was dying and that he had in fact done CPR on her for several minutes. “Help her,” he demanded. “I am,” I said. I was kneeling beside her and feeling her pulse, and watching her breathe. While she was in fact unconscious, her breathing was even and her pulse was steady. Her skin was warm and dry and she didn’t have a scratch on her.

My partners had told me stories of people doing CPR on living patients and always laughed at them, and while in my career I would encounter this phenomenon again and again, this was first time seeing it, and I thought, I am an EMT, the person is breathing and has a good pulse. This man is just a layperson who is very panicky and I think it is a good bet she did not actually need CPR when he was pounding on her chest. Perhaps she is on drugs. Her husband denied that when I asked. To this day, I am surprised he did not beat me for suggesting it. I guess he was clinging to the belief that maybe I could help her.

Well, we got her on the stretcher and out to the ambulance, and wouldn’t you know, ten minutes later, she stopped breathing and we were doing CPR.

A wise person told me once when I arrived on scene to always acknowledge the first responders or the bystander if there were no responders and get a report. Some reports would be excellent, some would be crazy. The point the wise man made was to simply show respect. “I did CPR on her for a couple minutes and then she came around,” the woman would say. “Great,” I would respond. And then get on with managing the syncopal victim with the now bruised sternum.

But let me tell you this now. I would add a caveat to the acknowledge the first responder advice, and that caveat would be “Listen to them.” I know sometimes in the past, while pretending to give my full attention, my mind has been going yadeedaa.

Now I say this because in my career, while I have had first responders or bystanders describe what seemed like crazy things compared to what my eyes were seeing when I arrived. I have had those same seemingly okay patients suddenly revert back to what the bystander or first responder described. “Sure, you were doing CPR, great Job!” I’d say, thinking that’s a laugh, only to find myself doing compressions five minutes down the road. Or to have the responder describe the crazy seizure they witnessed, only to have the patient startle me with the same earth-shaking tonic-clonic seizure later on down the road.

Don’t assume because the person is fine now, that they were fine when 911 was dialed.

I am not saying to take everything a first responder or lay person says as gospel, only to consider it. Never dismiss any information outright. If someone says the little girl with the polka dot dress’s head spun around three times and fire came out of her mouth, I will store that nugget in a small, but retrievable place.

In EMS the hierarchy on a call goes something like this. Bystander, first responder, EMT, paramedic, with each higher level of care assuming command as they arrive. The hierarchy continues at the hospital. Nurse, Doctor. Although some of us paramedics would argue the nurse is not above us, most hospitals are structured where the paramedic turns the care over to the nurse, who makes the decision where the patient goes next – a regular room or a critical care room.

Has it ever happened to you where you have described the extremely sick patient you encountered who now seems fine, and had the triage nurse or the doctor be somewhat dismissive of your account because of what their own eyes are telling them? I am sure it has if you have worked any amount of time.

Doctor, he was pale and diaphoretic. Nurse, she was in full seizure. Doctor, he was completely unresponsive. Nurse, he was blue. Doctor, I know it isn’t on yours, but I have ST elevation on my 12-lead.

Waiting room. Or a bed in the hallway.

Later, you hear: Hey your patient coded in the bathroom. Or they found your patient seizing by the coke machine. Or perhaps: Yeah, didn’t you hear? The hospital burned to the ground with only one survivor, a little girl in a polka dot dress standing in the midst of the rubble, unharmed.<|endoftext|>But what is the answer?

There has been a hell of a lot of debate about stretching and its effects and role in injury prevention recently, with many debates and discussions on it. Thing such as should we stretch before or after exercise? What’s the best way to stretch? And how long should we stretch for?

All these questions seem to have multiple answers with confusing and conflicting claims and counterclaims, leaving most of us none the wiser. This uncertainty has also created a few heated disagreements between physios, coaches and sports scientists as we all think we have the best answer.

So this is my quick, simple review of a few of these questions on stretching based on the current research, as well as my own personal experience, views and opinions?

What type of stretching is best?

Firstly, I am only going to look at two forms of stretching, static and dynamic. These are the type that most of us do regularly and know well, and don’t need any assistance from anyone else. The other types of stretching such as PNF, hold/relax are usually more suited for the physios treatment room.

What is static stretching?

This is the type of stretch where you elongate a muscle and hold it there for a period of time, such as the hamstring stretch you often see being done by leaning forward keeping the leg straight! (I hate this stretch for hamstrings but thats for another blog) or the common calf stretch by placing the foot behind you

What is dynamic stretching?

This type of stretching uses movement and momentum of the limb or trunk to move the muscle from one end of range to the other end of range, its best performed slow and controlled, not vigorous or bouncy, thats sometimes known as ballisitic stretching. An example of dynamic stretching for thr hamstrings is when you see a runner swinging the leg forwards and backwards

Which type of stretching is better?

Well it depends on what the goal is and what you want to achieve? Each type of stretch has pro’s and cons, and both are thought to be suited for two different purposes.

In a nutshell it’s now believed by most that static stretching should not be used just prior to exercise or sports as it can effect your performance. Instead dynamic stretching is thought to be better for pre exercise activity. But static stretching is still considered to be better than dynamic stretching for improving range of movement and maintaining flexibility in general.

But is this true?

Well research has indeed found that static stretching can reduce strength, power and performance (essential for most sports). A recent meta analysis (review of all the research on a subject) by Simic et al (2012) looked at 104 studies on the subject of pre exercise static stretching and concluded…

“… the usage of static stretching as the sole activity during warm-up routine should generally be avoided”

However, the key word in that conclusion is ‘SOLE‘ and this seems to have been conveniently overlooked by all the anti static stretching protestors out there.

Yes the review found a reduction in strength, power, and explosive performance in those who statically stretched before exercise. But the effects were small (although statistically significant) being between 5.4% – 1.9%. So unless your are a high level professional athlete you are unlikely to notice these reductions. Its also worth noting that these negative effects are in fact negligible if the stretch was kept under 45 seconds (which most stretches are) and the negative effects where only short lived, with things returning to normal after just a 5-10 minute period after the stretching. It also goes on to conclude that short static stretching is actually recommended for activities that involve slower eccentric contractions, or sports that require greater ranges of movement such as gymnastics, marital arts etc. Finally it’s also worth remembering that ALL these studies measured tests of performance, not acutal sporting performance, making any true identificarion if negative effect questionable.

Now what about the benefits of dynamic stretching before sports? Well again another systematic review done by Behm et al (2011) stated

“Dynamic stretching has been shown to either have no effect or may augment subsequent performance, especially if the duration of the dynamic stretching is prolonged”

Again the key word here is MAY, again overlooked by the anti static stretching pedants who insist dynamic stretching is the ONLY way to prepare for exercise or sport

Finally this study by Behm concluded

“Generally, a warm-up to minimize impairments and enhance performance should be composed of a submaximal intensity aerobic activity followed by large amplitude dynamic stretching and then completed with sport-specific dynamic activities. Sports that necessitate a high degree of static flexibility should use short duration static stretches with lower intensity stretches in a trained population to minimize the possibilities of impairments”

I interpret this very sensible conclusion as saying a combination of both static and dynamic stretching for most sports seems to be the answer, with the emphasis on the type of sport being the guiding factor as to which type of stretching should be done. Not that one type of stretch over the other is best.

So what about stretching to reduce risk of injury?

The evidence for both dynamic and static stretches to reduce the incidence of injury is ‘inconclusive’ (just as most things are in the injury prevention research world) a study by McHugh et al (2010) on the role of stretching and injury prevention concluded

“With respect to the effect of pre-participation stretching on injury prevention a limited number of studies of varying quality have shown mixed results”

Basically meaning we don’t know?

But again common sense clearly has to be used, and preparing your body for the sport or exercise its about to face can only be a good thing.

Each sport is different, so each warm up will be different, with different emphasis on amount of things and intensity to stretch or not to stretch. This will be on an individual to individual basis.

There is no one magic warm up routine. There is no one type of stretching better than the other!

However, when it comes to stretching and warming up it seems the research is advising us to spend time doing predominately dynamic stretching and low intensity aerobic activity similar to the sport or exercise, but, if your sport requires large amplitude movements then include some short duration static stretches as well.

Do we even need to stretch or warm up at all?

This may seem a controversial, and even a crazy and potentially risky suggestion, but I know many, many people that throw on their trainers and run, me included. I never stretch before my runs, and only do a few calf stretches after for about 30 secs once in a while after runs.

I also know of loads of weekend footballers, rugby players etc whose idea of a warm up is a pee behind the goal posts before kick off, and they don’t seem to suffer any more lack of performance or injuries when compared to those that go through a comprehensive warm up routine.

Ok so the weekend warriors and myself can not really be classed as high level athletes, but it does raise some intriguing doubts over the effects of warm up.

So why do we bother?

Well, its usually out of habit, routine or because of ingrained myths and fears installed in us that the body is fragile and needs coaxing into action.

This notion is flawed, in my opinion, the human body is inherently reslient and has a remarkable capacity for adaptation to activity.

However, with all that being said I’m not going to suddenly start recommending that everybody stops doing any form of warm up before sport, maybe that’s my own ingrained beleifs, or just an adverse risk to legal suits from all of you stop warming up and getting injured!

So I do recommend some warm up before sport.

How long should you warm up for?

This is a question I get asked a lot, and unfortunately the research here is also inconclusive, as usual. However, after working in a variety of sports I tend to use a set of broad rules of how long a warm up should last dependant of the activity.

For,example, I usually recommend to spend either 25% or 50% of your total planned activity time warming up, based on whether your activity or sport is high or low intensity in nature.

For example, if a low intensity jog for 30 minutes is planned, I suggest a warm up lasting for 25% of the time, so about 7 minutes. However, if you have a 30 minute high intensity, multiple direction session planned, I recommend you increase the warm up time to about 50%, so approximately 15 minutes in total.

Now I know this may seem like a long time, but Imthink its worth it, and I do cap the maximum time for any warm up to about 15-20 minutes, as even the longest sporting events such as marathons don’t need anymore than that!

Now although I have said earlier that I don’t stretch or warm up before my usual (very) low intensity runs, I do practice what I preach if I am going to an activity that involves high (ish) intensity such as when I play the odd game of rugby now and then, or do a sprint interval training session.

What routine you do varies highly dependant on what you have planned, for example if it’s sprint intervals in a straight line then it will be progressive running drills and plyometrics in a single plane of direction with lots of dynamic hamstring and hip flexor movements. If however its a game of rugby, it will incorporate more multidirectional drills as well as warming up other areas such as the shoulders and the neck, not just the legs.

Summary

Static stretching does have a role to play, and it can be included in to a warm up program without any significant fears of negative side effects as often being reported…

But, it is probably best to do predominantly dynamic stretching before most exercise and perhaps leave most of the static stretching for between your exercise sessions and/or in the physio room. However, if you have always stretched this way in the past and have had no problems and feel it helps you then please, please continue, also if you routinely don’t do any warm up or stretching before exercise and want to continue this way then I think that’s perfectly ok too.

Finally, if you want to find the best warm up routine I’m afraid to say that there is no one size fits all program or technique that works better than any other. Its pretty much down to trial and error to see what feels right for you, it’s no more scientific than that, no matter what some fussy physio, silly sports scientist or cantankerous coach tells you, do what feels right for you.

As always thanks for reading and enjoy your sport!

Adam<|endoftext|>It feels like a little while since this community got together for a hackathon, doesn’t it? We had a great time at the VIP event around Transparency Camp. But with the election looming and a full summer’s worth of new technologies, APIs and data releases, the moment seems ripe for politically-minded devs to get together and create some cool stuff.

So we’re delighted to be a part of the upcoming Election Hackathon, cosponsored by Sunlight, NPR and the Washington Post. It’s happening October 6th and 7th at the Post’s downtown DC headquarters, and it’s going to be a good one: we’ve lined up $5000 in prizes, a bunch of newly-released APIs, and a judging panel that includes Ezra Klein, Brian Boyer, Rob “CmdrTaco” Malda and our own Ellen Miller. Most importantly, it promises to be a great opportunity to meet other like-minded geeks.

You can find all the details here. Start brainstorming now — we’ll see you in October!<|endoftext|>‘COSMOS: A Spacetime Odyssey’ is an absolutely stunning science show hosted by astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson on the National Geographic Channel / FOX. It’s the follow-up to Carl Sagan’s legendary television show from 1980, a show watched by at least 400 million people across 60 different countries. I got the opportunity to talk with Joel D. Catalan, re-recording mixer on the new COSMOS series – and here, he gives an exclusive look behind the scenes on how the show’s stellar soundscape was crafted. UPDATE: Joel has been nominated for a 2014 Emmy award for Outstanding Sound Mixing For Nonfiction Programming, for his work on COSMOS: A Spacetime Odyssey

Hi Joel, how did you get involved with COSMOS, and what was your role on the sound team?

I first got involved with Cosmos last summer. The producers have a good relationship with our sound facility and it was time for them to mix the COSMOS Comic-Con Promo. It was kind of a big deal. So, my mix partner Mark Hensley handled Dialog and Music while I was tasked with mixing the FX, sound design and Foley. I guess you can kind of say we were fortunate to be at the right time at the right place.

The original series is heralded as a milestone in science television. With the sound for the new series, what did you do to capture spirit of the original show, yet still bring something fresh to the table?

Great question! I must first say that I was fortunate to be part of an excellent sound crew over here at Smart Post Sound for this project. Our sound supervisor Chris Harvengt and Lead Sound Designer Rick Steele met early on with the producing team to make sure we were all on the same page. There was a deal of designing to do. One that sticks out right away was the sounds of SOTI (Spaceship of the Imagination). SOTI had to have a unique and not overpowering sound. I believe we did a good job with creating an environment that left room for imagination.

As far as capturing the spirit of the original series, we could not have a better person to defer to than Ann Druyan. Ann is not only the creator/producer/writer for Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey, but she was also a co-writer for the 1980 COSMOS series. On top of that, she is also the late Carl Sagan’s widow. So talk about being able to “capture the spirit of the original show” we had it in her. From original dialog used in the series to specific music cues that were recycled for the reboot, Ann was our authority and not a bad one to have!

What was the workflow like on an episode?

Our sound supervisor and sound designer would attend a spotting session with the video editors and producing team. Here they would discuss all aspects of sound for a particular episode. If there was ADR that had to be shot, lines that needed to be changed, specific sound design needed, this was where it was talked about. The notes would be taken and then it was off to work. Our dialog editor, Lisa Varetakis, would cut dialog while sound effects editors Rick Steele and Bob Costanza would creatively cut sound fx. After any ADR or VO recording took place, it’s time to mix.

At this point my mix partner and I would have a day and a half to mix an episode. And given the amount of sound design in every episode, we had to fly through it!

Our associate producer would then come for playback midway of day two and we would play down the episode and make all the appropriate fixes to any notes she and our sound supervisor had. Think of it kind of like a first run.

The third day of the mix would be set aside for our executive producers Ann Druyan, Mitchell Cannold, Jason Clark and Seth MacFarlane. After presenting them the sound mix we would then address the notes they had as a team and then we would print the show. And like that, we have a tv show.

How did you and the team come up with sounds for the series (especially the more exotic/alien ones)? And how did you source sounds for it?

We could not do what we do without the brilliance of our lead sound designer Rick Steele. Rick has something like 9 or 10 Emmys for his creative genius. He really was the creative driving force for the most exotic sounds in the show.

I would often tweak the sound design on the stage in order to make things “pop” or standout. So it became a very collaborative process. I’d tell him what worked and what didn’t. Sometimes you would not really know how a particular sound designed moment would feel until you got it on the mix stage with music and dialog. Rick has an incredible library of sounds but an even more crucial ability to “hear” it.

Rick Steele on creating the sound of a black hole Award-winning sound designer Rick Steele was kind enough to share a sound that really stood out: “Cosmos has been, by far, the most challenging show of my career. But, perhaps the most challenging sound design sequence I had to come up with was the in episode 5, “A Sky Full Of Ghosts”. In this episode, Neil drove the Ship Of The Imagination into, and through, a black whole in space. The entire thing came together in an unusual burst of creative energy. Approaching the black whole was sourced with everything from arrow whooshing by overhead (taken from a western I worked on nearly 20 years ago) to the screaming metal of a train braking, in combination with a jet engine from an F-18 taking off from a carrier deck. For the interior of the black whole I was able to create some incredibly bizarre rise rising tones (based on the sounds from a formula one racer and magnetic tape degausser) that, thanks to my friends at Sound Toys and their wonderful plug-ins PitchAccumulator, Phase Mistress, and Tremelator, shaped a sonic experience that would rival anything from any A-List feature films to date. The entire sequence came together in about 4 hours! Everything just fell right into place, I felt like a hero presenting this completed sequence to the stage!”

Joel, any tools or plugins that were particularly helpful working on the series?

When it comes to plugins and tools, I am a fairly simple mixer. I use the standard 7 band EQ on all my tracks, I have an internal, external and 5.0 verb (ReVibe) and I utilize L1 limiters on my sends.

The one plugin that I definitely used more often than any other was Waves LoAir. You may not have noticed it much on tv, but if you listen to the Blu-Ray which has just been released, you will definitely “feel” it! The producers really enjoyed the low end on many of the flashier, sound intensive scenes. We had a blast!

How much involvement and input on the sound were there from the director, Neil deGrasse Tyson and others outside the sound team?

We got most of our sound direction and notes from our producing team. Neil was not really involved in the direction of sound. He did have a good deal of input while recording his VO and ADR, but he really left it in the hands of our sound supervisor Chris Harvengt.

In the beginning Brannon Bragga, Executive Producer/Co-Director, did have some specific ideas about how SOTI should sound, but overall they all let us be as creative as we could. If anything bumped them we would make adjustments as we mixed. They were all a very trusting group and that meant a lot!

Need specific sound effects? Try a search below:

The show features a mixture of live footage, animation and CGI. How did you handle this in terms of sound, and what did you do to create a coherent soundscape?

This was a big task. When we would make jumps from live production to animation, there had to be a very distinct difference. For instance, I relied heavily on what our Foley team provided during the animation scenes.

Those were some of my favorite to mix because we had to create some unique environments

Those were some of my favorite to mix because we had to create some unique environments. We looked back quite a bit in history and to get an opportunity to re-create some of those very important moments was straight up fun.

To touch briefly on some of the CGI, there were often times we did not get final visual effects shot until the day of the mix. I always kept markers in my session of sounds that might work. It wasn’t until I saw the final that I knew I could grab this or that. There was never a dull moment on this show.

What were the most challenging sounds to get right? And are there any episodes or segments that particularly stand out to you in terms of sound?

I felt like our team did a very good job getting some of the more challenging sounds right the first time around. When something did not feel right we were generally close enough that all it took was a bit of tweaking.

For instance, with some of the CGI sequences where stars exploded, we used firework explosions for the initial impacts. Playing them straight up did not work, but once I rolled a good amount of high end off and boosted the sub we were there.

One episode/segment that pops to the forefront of my mind when thinking of memorable moments comes from episode 5 “A Sky Full of Ghost.” In this episode we explore The Event Horizon. Talk about fun, this was awesome!

There is a moment when Neil is riding SOTI to the very edge of an Event Horizon all while explaining that, “Something with the mass of 4 million Suns lies at the center.” We pushed and pushed the level to the act break and then BAM, we came back in with only FX’s.

That was one of those moments you live for as an FX mixer

No music or dialog, just a moment to really imagine what it would feel like passing through an event horizon. That was one of those moments you live for as an FX mixer. There you are exposed and to be able to deliver something that impactful was such a great feeling.

What’s next for you?

This summer is going to be a busy one. I am back on two shows I previously worked on, Being Mary Jane for BET and Chasing Life which premiers June 10th on ABC family. It’s been a fun ride with Cosmos. This project was a huge part of my life for many months and I am extremely grateful for the opportunity. The whole Cosmos team did a remarkable job and I am just so honored to be a small part of something that is bigger than life.

About Joel D. Catalan Joel D. Catalan works at Smart Post Sound where he’s been on the sound team for shows like Modern Family, Bones and Salem. He’s also worked on all 13 episodes of COSMOS: A Spacetime Odysey, along with the rest of the sound team.

Please share this:

FOLLOW OR SUBSCRIBE FOR THE LATEST IN FANTASTIC SOUND:<|endoftext|>With the anniversary of the United States involvement in World War I approaching, here are more records recently added to the World War I digital collection:

Earlie W. Smith correspondence , 1917-1918

Correspondence written by Earlie W. Smith of Harnett County, North Carolina, during his stint in the U.S. Army with the 317th Field Artillery Infantry. Smith served in the Army from October 1917 to June 1919 and served overseas in Europe from August 1918 to June 1919.

Lonnie T. Graham correspondence, 1918

Correspondence written by Lonnie T. Graham relating to his experience training in Camp Gordon, Georgia, and at Clemson Agricultural College during World War I in the Students’ Army Training Corps. As he was frequently sick during and after the war, Graham’s correspondence to his family discusses his health and the care he received in the hospitals.

Thomas W. Williams, Carnival program, 1919

A souvenir program for the Third Army Carnival held in Koblenz, Germany in April 1919.

Charles H. and Thomas L. Warren correspondence, 1917-1919

A collection of correspondence written by Charles H. Warren to his parents, brother and other family members during basic training and while overseas in France and Germany during and after World War I. The correspondence deals largely with his discussing family news with his parents, and of Charles’ longing for home. The letters also cover such topics as the Spanish Influenza pandemic that was in Europe, and Charles Warren hoping his family survives the illness.

Charles H. Warren’s brother Thomas L. Warren was serving as a Private in Bakery Company, 325th Quartermaster Corps, at the time that he wrote these three letters to his family in Caldwell County, North Carolina. Thomas Warren mainly discusses his family’s news and experiences at home, and assuring his family that he is doing well. In his February 10, 1919 letter, Thomas Warren writes imagining what his family members are doing in Caldwell County, including what crops his father would likely be planting. In his February 12, 1919 letter, Thomas Warren recalls to his mother when he and his brother Charles Warren met up in Europe while both were stationed on occupation duty.

Advertisements<|endoftext|>Five large purchasers of US Treasuries – China, Russia, Norway, Brazil, and Taiwan – have changed their minds. They’re dumping Treasuries, each for their own reasons that are now coinciding. And at the fastest rate on record.

For the 12-month period ended July, sales of Treasuries by central banks around the world reached a net of $123 billion, “the biggest decline since data started to be collected in 1978,” the Wall Street Journal reported.

China, the largest foreign owner of Treasuries – its hoard peaking at $1.317 trillion in November 2013 – has been unloading with particular passion. By July, the latest data available from the US Treasury Department, China’s pile was down to $1.241 trillion. But in August, the real selling started when the yuan suddenly spiraled down further after its devaluation. Panicked, and fearful of losing control over their currency, officials at the People’s Bank of China sold Treasuries and bought yuan to stabilize the currency.

That month, China’s foreign exchange reserves, which include a variety of currencies, dropped by a record $93.9 billion. And in September, they dropped another $43.3 billion, to $3.51 trillion. It was the fifth month in a row of declines. The Journal:

Internal estimates at the PBOC show that it spent between $120 billion and $130 billion in August alone in bolstering the yuan’s value, according to people close to the central bank.

Russia unloaded $32.8 billion in Treasuries in the 12-month period ended in July; Norway, which like Russia was hit by the oil price rout, sold $18.3 billion, and Taiwan $6.8 billion.

Not all central banks were sellers. India added $36.6 billion to its stash over the 12-month period. And the Fed, which after five years of QE is sitting on more Treasuries than any other central bank, is hanging on to its pile of $2.45 trillion, diligently rolling over any maturing debt.

This is what that staggering reversal of flows looks like; note how foreign central banks started curtailing their purchases already in 2013, when the end of the Fed’s QE moved into sight:

Once the biggest buyer, China starts dumping U.S. government debt http://t.co/kWerWlmBjj pic.twitter.com/exnQljSJ20 — Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) October 7, 2015

But for every sale there must be a buyer. And there were plenty of them, companies, funds, and individuals around the world. And if push comes to shove, and Treasuries begin to spiral out of control under toxic selling pressure, the Fed, which stops before nothing, would jump in and buy whatever China is selling. Or at least, everyone assumes that it would. And so yields have stayed low. In fact, the government was able to auction off thee-month T-bills at a yield of zero for the first time in history, just when central banks are dumping Treasuries, and despite a multi-day rally in stocks. Read… Something’s Up: Panic Buying of Super-Liquid Treasuries

Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:

Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.<|endoftext|>Hundreds arrested in US protests against police killings

By Shannon Jones

11 July 2016

Large demonstrations continued across the United States over the weekend sparked by recent police murders in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Falcon Heights, Minnesota, and New York City. The new wave of protests followed the release of video footage showing police shooting and killing unarmed black men on Tuesday and Wednesday.

Hundreds were arrested as police confronted protesters in a heavy-handed and provocative manner. In many locations, officers were outfitted in riot gear and armed with military-style weapons.

Besides Baton Rouge and the Twin Cities area in Minneapolis, where the killings took place, demonstrations were reported in Atlanta, Baltimore, Boston, Chicago, Detroit, Ft. Lauderdale, Los Angeles, Memphis, Nashville, Newport, RI, New York City, Oakland, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, San Francisco, Washington D.C. and many other cities.

The protest in Baton Rouge

At a protest in Baton Rouge on Sunday, the day after the mass arrests, hundreds assembled at the Wesley United Methodist Church and marched on the state capitol building downtown. There were many students and youth, as well some local workers and elderly.

A tribute to Alton Sterling at the Baton Rouge convenience store where he was shot

Danielle Edwards, a 21-year-old student from the University of Louisiana-Lafayette, told World Socialist Web Site reporters that she had come because of her disillusionment with the role of the police. She wondered aloud if she could be a victim of police violence and “become the next hashtag.”

After proceeding through downtown, some marchers sought to continue their protest but were blocked by riot gear-equipped police who threatened to fire tear gas to disperse them.

Part of the protest in Baton Rouge

Among those arrested over the weekend in Baton Rouge was prominent Black Lives Matter activist DeRay McKesson. Police reportedly slammed McKesson to the ground in what appeared to be a deliberate targeting. The arrest was captured on live video feed. A number of police officers were also injured after clashes with protesters.

Tens of thousands turned out for the demonstrations despite attempts by the media and government officials to create an atmosphere of official mourning and sympathy for the police following the murder of five policemen in Dallas, Texas Thursday by an African-American veteran of the Afghanistan war who was angered by the police killings in Minnesota and Louisiana.

In the face of the relentless attempt to portray the killings by police in strictly racial terms, large numbers of black, white and Hispanic workers and young people marched in cities across America to express their shock and anger, showing by their actions that they did not regard these crimes as of concern only to African-Americans.

The wave of protests followed police violence that took the lives of Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minnesota and Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge. Bystanders recorded the killing of both men on video. Castile, age 32, was shot and killed after a traffic stop on July 5. The shooting took place in front of his fiancée, Diamond Reynolds, who was sitting in the front passenger seat. She broadcast the aftermath of the shooting live on Facebook.

Sterling was gunned down outside a convenience store where he had been selling CDs. Police tackled him and pinned him to the ground where they shot him execution style.

In another police shooting, 37-year-old Delrawn Small was killed in Brooklyn July 4 by an off-duty cop. The murder took place after Small confronted the officer, who was in an unmarked vehicle, over a traffic incident. Small was unarmed at the time of the shooting. The events unfolded in front of Small’s wife and children, who were still in the car at the time.

Over the weekend multiracial protests took place from coast to coast. In one of the largest demonstrations more than 10,000 protested peacefully Friday night in Atlanta, Georgia. They marched into downtown, where they were confronted by police who prevented them from entering the Downtown Connector highway. More than a dozen people were arrested in the city over the course of three days of protests.

In St. Paul, more than 100 people were arrested after demonstrators blocked off a freeway. A large group of protesters marched from the residence of Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton over to Interstate 94, which they blocked for several hours before police drove them from the freeway using smoke bombs and pepper spray.

Police set bond at between $250 to $400 per person for some 120 people arrested in Baton Rouge Saturday night and Sunday morning. In additional to McKesson, police also arrested a local reporter for National Public Radio.

On Sunday protesters again took to the streets of Baton Rouge. They were confronted by police in riot gear firing tear gas.

In New York City about 20 protesters were arrested as some 500 demonstrators marched in front of city hall in downtown Manhattan to denounce the shooting of Delrawn Small.

Hundreds of protesters marched in downtown Fort Lauderdale Saturday to the Broward County Courthouse chanting “No Justice, No Peace and “Hands up, don’t shoot.” Prisoners at the Broward County Jail tapped on the windows in response to the chants of protesters. Several hundred also protested in downtown Miami, briefly blocking intersections.

More than a thousand people rallied at Campus Martius in downtown Detroit Friday night. A large contingent of police monitored the protest, including officers mounted on horseback, in helicopters and perched on rooftops.

Protesters also demonstrated in front of the White House in Washington D.C. on Friday. Protesters were back in Washington on Sunday, with some 500 rallying at the African-American civil war memorial.

The shooting of the five police officers in Dallas is being manipulated by the media and political authorities in an effort to further criminalize dissent. US flags have been ordered flown at half-staff, and President Obama has cut short a trip to Europe and plans to attend a memorial service in Dallas on Tuesday. There has been almost nonstop, sensationalized coverage of the investigation into the shooting on the major networks while reports of the repression directed against protests over killings by police are being buried.

There has been virtually no official criticism of the decision by police to kill the alleged police shooter in Dallas, Micah Xavier Johnson, using a robot-controlled bomb. This is the first time police have used a device to kill someone and represents a marked escalation of police repression, bringing home to America the methods used by US military forces overseas.

There was no explanation of why police used a bomb rather than nonlethal means such as tear gas to flush out the alleged shooter or simply waited until the wounded man, who was surrounded by police, surrendered. His killing was all the more extraordinary given that police were working on the assumption at the time that Johnson was part of a larger conspiracy. His killing meant that he could not be questioned about his ties to a broader network.

The attempt by the news media and politicians such as President Obama and presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton to present police killings in strictly racial terms, directed solely against blacks, flies in the face of reality. In fact whites comprise the largest single group of police shooting victims.

For example the media has almost completely ignored the shooting death of 19-year-old white youth Dylan Noble on June 25 at the hands of police in Fresno, California. Police shot Noble, who was unarmed, after a brief car chase. The young man was lying on the ground with his arms raised in the air when he was shot multiple times.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.<|endoftext|>Mexican drug traffickers help Islamic terrorists stationed in Mexico cross into the United States to explore targets for future attacks, according to information forwarded to Judicial Watch by a high-ranking Homeland Security official in a border state. Among the jihadists that travel back and forth through the porous southern border is a Kuwaiti named Shaykh Mahmood Omar Khabir, an ISIS operative who lives in the Mexican state of Chihuahua not far from El Paso, Texas. Khabir trained hundreds of Al Qaeda fighters in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen and has lived in Mexico for more than a year, according to information provided by JW’s government source.

Now Khabir trains thousands of men—mostly Syrians and Yemenis—to fight in an ISIS base situated in the Mexico-U.S. border region near Ciudad Juárez, the intelligence gathered by JW’s source reveals. Staking out U.S. targets is not difficult and Khabir actually brags in an Italian newspaper article published last week that the border region is so open that he “could get in with a handful of men, and kill thousands of people in Texas or in Arizona in the space of a few hours.” Foreign Affairs Secretary Claudia Ruiz, Mexico’s top diplomat, says in the article that she doesn’t understand why the Obama administration and the U.S. media are “culpably neglecting this phenomenon,” adding that “this new wave of fundamentalism could have nasty surprises in store for the United States.”

This disturbing development appears on the Open Source Enterprise, the government database that collects and analyzes valuable material from worldwide print, broadcast and online media sources for the U.S. intelligence community. Only registered federal, state and local government employees can view information and analysis in the vast database and unauthorized access can lead to criminal charges. Updated data gathered on Khabir reveals he’s 52 years old and was ordered to leave Kuwait about a decade ago over his extremist positions. Khabir is currently on ISIS’s (also known as ISIL) payroll and operates a cell in an area of Mexico known as Anapra, according to the recently obtained information.

A year ago Judicial Watch reported on an ISIS camp in this exact area, just a few miles from El Paso. JW’s April 14, 2015 report identified Anapra as the location of the ISIS base, details that were provided to JW by sources that include a Mexican Army field grade officer and a Mexican Federal Police Inspector. Anapra is situated just west of Ciudad Juárez in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. At the time JW reported that another ISIS cell was established to the west of Ciudad Juárez, in Puerto Palomas to target the New Mexico towns of Columbus and Deming. Sources told JW that, during the course of a joint operation, Mexican Army and federal law enforcement officials discovered documents in Arabic and Urdu, as well as “plans” of Fort Bliss – the sprawling military installation that houses the US Army’s 1st Armored Division. Muslim prayer rugs were recovered with the documents during the operation.

A few months later JW reported that Mexican drug cartels are smuggling Middle Eastern terrorists into a small Texas rural town near El Paso and that they’re using remote farm roads—rather than interstates—to elude the Border Patrol and other law enforcement barriers. The foreigners are classified by the U.S. government as Special Interest Aliens (SIA) and they are transported to stash areas in Acala, a rural crossroads located around 54 miles from El Paso on a state road – Highway 20. Once in the U.S., the SIAs wait for pick-up in the area’s sand hills just across Highway 20. At the time JW’s government sources revealed that terrorists have long entered the U.S. through Mexico and in fact, an internal Texas Department of Public Safety report leaked by the media documents that several members of known Islamist terrorist organizations have been apprehended crossing the southern border in recent years.

Earlier this year, as part of an ongoing investigation into national security risks in the porous southern border, JW obtained evidence that proves the U.S. government has known for more than a decade about the partnership between terrorists and Mexican drug cartels. State Department documents made public by JW in January say that for at least ten years “Arab extremists” have entered the country through Mexico with the assistance of smuggling network “cells.” Among them was a top Al Qaeda operative wanted by the FBI. Some Mexican smuggling networks actually specialize in providing logistical support for Arab individuals attempting to enter the United States, the government documents say. The top Al Qaeda leader in Mexico was identified in the September 2004 cable from the American consulate in Ciudad Juárez as Adnan G. El Shurkrjumah. The cable was released to Judicial Watch under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA).<|endoftext|>Simulating with Voxels

the goal of this project was to find a way to melt a lot of different objects.colors and materials had to melt too.Initial tests in the studio with houdini particle fluids proved to be the way to go.

it was my first time using particles and dops in houdini.

nevertheless , I decided to have a go with the voxel solvers in houdini to see if similar effects could be achieved.

i spent some time playing with solvers and finally after some struggles with the liquid solver I decided to continue with the sand solver as a base and try to build my stuffs around it.

struggling with the liquid solver:

first i had to inject keyframed animation (velocities) inside the simulation.this was done by blending custom velocity fields inside the simulation with simple y ramps.

the bottom of the shape (the drip ?) was controlled via painted attributes on the surface of the object controlling a mix of tangential and normal forces that would “sculpt” the final surface.

while simulating , the original polygon object was advected in the velocity field and a fluid surface object was created from the advected sand point cloud.

the result of the simulation was used as an obstacle for an additional particle fluid simulation from painted area.

finally I built a simple solver that would mix both velocity of the sand and sph simulations.a lot of points (2 millions) are then scattered on the modelled object and readvected within the final velocities.

uvs are transfered and carefully preserved all along the process.we also advected a material tag that would give us the possibility to blend between different materials.

the final rendering was done with mentalray in xsi . it was quite hard to render refraction correctly from the fluid surface but it seems to be a mental ray problem.finaly more filtering while generating the surface did the trick.

another shot I did :

you can see the final commercial here , directed by FredericPlanchon

Advertisements<|endoftext|>Looking for news you can trust?

Subscribe to our free newsletters.

Daniel Sarewitz writes in Slate today about a Pew poll showing that only 6% of scientists identify as Republicans (55% are Democrats and 32% are independents), a state of affairs he finds alarming. Matt Steinglass, though perhaps less alarmed, wishes Sarewitz had spent more time trying to figure out why so few scientists are Republicans. He proposes three possibilities:

The first is that scientists are hostile towards Republicans, which scares young Republicans away from careers in science. The second is that Republicans are hostile towards science, and don’t want to go into careers in science. The third is that young people who go into the sciences tend to end up becoming Democrats, due to factors inherent in the practice of science or to peer-group identification with other scientists.

I’d add a twist to #2: not that young Republicans are hostile toward science, but that they’re more attracted to the business world and its opportunities for vast wealth than to the grind of the laboratory and its upper middle class limits. So that’s where they go. Still, here’s my take on Matt’s three guesses:

This seems uninteresting to me. Of course scientists are hostile toward Republicans. As far as they’re concerned, Republicans are troglodytes who don’t believe in evolution, don’t believe in climate change, want to ban stem cell research, and don’t want to fund the NSF. They’d be crazy not to be hostile toward Republicans. This one seems quite testable and potentially interesting. Surely there are surveys of children, teenagers, college students, and 30-somethings that correlate political views with intended career choices? (If not, there should be!) I’m not sure what it would tell us, but I’d be curious to see what the trends over time look like. This also seems uninteresting to me. After all, it’s almost certainly true, both for generic reasons of basic group dynamics as well as for the specific reasons outlined in #1.

Roughly speaking, though, this doesn’t seem like such a hard question to me. The more time you spend practicing science, the more time you’re going to spend discovering that conservatives hold scientific views that you find preposterous. Sure, liberals have PETA and the odd vaccination fetishist, but really, it’s no contest. In the Democratic Party those are just fringe views. Even the anti-GM food folks don’t amount to much. The modern Republican Party, by contrast, panders endlessly to the scientific yahooism of its base. What would be amazing is if much more than 6% of the scientific community identified with the Republican Party.

POSTSCRIPT: One thing I’d be curious about is the breakdown of scientists in Pew’s sample. Is it mostly members of the hard sciences, or also members of the social sciences? Also, I’ll bet you’d get quite different results if you polled engineers, who are probably much more heavily Republican than scientists are.

POSTSCRIPT 2: And one more thing! I wonder how this plays out in other advanced countries, where the conservative parties are, perhaps, still fiscal tightwads but don’t pander to anti-science yahooism so much. Quick, somebody do a study!<|endoftext|>Installation view, "Haunted Screens: German Cinema in the 1920s," September 21, 2014-April 26, 2015, Los Angeles County Museum of Art | Photo © Museum Associates/LACMA

During the 1920s and 1930s, a steady stream of filmmaking talent crossed the Atlantic from Berlin, the center of German-language cinema, to Hollywood. Some were drawn by the blandishments of Hollywood itself -- such as bigger budgets and an international cast of stars -- and some were driven out of Germany by political unrest and the rise of fascism. This included people like directors G. W. Pabst ("Joyless Street," "Pandora's Box") and Fritz Lang ("Metropolis," "M") and actress Marlene Dietrich.

Two exhibitions currently in Los Angeles deal with this troubled but highly productive period of cinema history. One is "Haunted Screens: German Cinema in the 1920s," at Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA) through April 26, 2015, an exhilarating exploration of German Expressionist film of the early 20th century. That movement featured some dark subject matter (murder, madness, mayhem), innovative effects, and chiaroscuro lighting. The exhibition itself has been strikingly designed by architects Amy Murphy and Michael Maltzan, incorporating three interruptive "tunnels" -- two showing film clips on free-floating screens arranged at odd angles, one filled production drawings. Moving through these tunnels is moving from light to dark, and then back again -- an experiential partaking of German Expressionist aesthetics.

The other exhibition is "Light & Noir: Exiles and Emigrés in Hollywood, 1933-1950" at the Skirball Cultural Center (Oct. 23, 2014 - March 1, 2015), and it focusses on the filmmaking talents who fled anti-Semitism in Europe. When the Nazis rose to power in 1933, Jews were banned from the German film industry. During World War II, an estimated 800 German-speaking Jews were working in Hollywood.

Unknown photographer, set photograph from "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari (Das Kabinett des Dr. Caligari)," 1919, directed by Robert Wiene. Los Angeles County Museum of Art, Robert Gore Rifkind Center for German Expressionist Studies

Film Still for "Double Indemnity " (1944), © Paramount Pictures. | Courtesy of the Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Shown from left: Fred MacMurray, Barbara Stanwyck

Expressionism, of course, did not begin in cinema but in other art forms such as painting and theater in the early 1900s. It rejected realist traditions and sought higher truths -- personal, emotional ones. For the masses, the Expressionist aesthetic was arguably most widely disseminated via film, with such classics as "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari," "Metropolis," "The Blue Angel," and "M." "I'd say there are two major legacies," says Britt Salvesen, curator of "Haunted Screens" and LACMA's head of photography and prints/drawings departments. "The first has to do with the German Expressionist attention to psychology and their efforts to manifest characters' inner lives not only through writing and acting, but also through all aspects of production design. Secondly, German Expressionist cinema planted the seeds for many of the film genres that continue to thrive today: horror, science fiction, noir."

Some 250 objects tell the story in this exhibition, using still photographs, drawings, posters, film clips, and a few artifacts including a replica of the famous machine robot from "Metropolis" -- the sleek, stylized Art Deco one you so often see reproduced. The production drawings are works of art, not just diagrams or instructions -- they are drawn with off-kilter framing, strong shadows, and distorted perspectives. The tilted shot, called "Dutch" or "German" in the industry, was meant to create malaise, and is famously used, over and over again, in the landmark "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari" (1920) directed by Robert Wiene.

"Caligari" is often hailed as the first horror film. It is about a mysterious "doctor" and his hypnotized slave who may be involved in a series of local murders. Permeating the film is a contemporary fascination with hypnosis, psychology and the subconscious, and it may also be a comment on the social and political disruption of Germany during the Weimar Republic. Does Dr. Caligari symbolizes the omnipotence and oppression of the state over individuals? As German critic Rudolf Kurtz has said, "Expresssionism isn't an artistic genre but the expression of a world crisis."

For "Caligari, " designer Hermann Warm and painters Walter Reimann and Walter Röhrig created highly theatrical sets, painting shadows directly onto flat panels -- the film is featured in this exhibition with illustrations and clips. Also notable are the set designs of Otto Erdmann for G. W. Pabst's "Street Without Joy" -- they're done in watercolor, with a grayish palette bordering on monochromatic -- and of Andrei Andrejew for several films.

Horst von Harbou, set photograph from "Metropolis,"1927, directed by Fritz Lang | Courtesy of La Cinematheque franansaise

Installation view, "Haunted Screens: German Cinema in the 1920s,"September 21, 2014-April 26, 2015, Los Angeles County Museum of Art | Photo © Museum Associates/LACMA

Installation view, "Haunted Screens: German Cinema in the 1920s,"September 21, 2014-April 26, 2015, Los Angeles County Museum of Art | Photo © Museum Associates/LACMA

One section of the exhibition is about sound -- often overlooked since "silent films" when shown were not actually silent. They were accompanied by live musicians and sometimes even had a specific score. Another section, in the "tunnel" that's shaped like a ziggurat, is about steps and ladders, and how often they appear in these films. Sometimes they are a grand staircase, such as the one in Fritz Lang's "Metropolis" (1927) that leads disgruntled workers towards the "Heart Machine" which they are intent on destroying, and sometimes they are crude ladders leading to an unknown region outside the frame.

In some ways, "Light & Noir" continues the story, with the German-speaking filmmakers and actors landing in Los Angeles. "It's kind of a metaphor for looking at the émigré experience -- comedy and film noir," says Doris Berger, the exhibition's curator. The émigrés contributed much to both of these genres. "There's the lighter version of looking at life, and the darker version of the looking at life," she says. "All the films we discuss were made by émigré directors. It was not easy to get here to begin with, and then it was not easy to build a new life, a new career."

In one large gallery divided into eight sections, the exhibition begins with a portrait gallery of several dozen of these noted émigrés, including early ones such as Carl Laemmle. Laemmle was a founder of Universal Studios who also helped many compatriots come work in the United States. In addition to photographs, there will be movie posters and props, documents and costumes in this exhibition, much of it from of the Margaret Herrick Library of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

A little more than half the directors mentioned in the exhibition are Jewish. Sometimes they even managed to make a film with anti-Nazi sentiment, as well as suggest their own plight. Case in point is Michael Curtiz's 1942 film "Casablanca," which gets a section onto itself in the Skirball show. In the film, Rick (Humphrey Bogart) runs a nightclub in Casablanca that is a seething microcosm of wartime politics - and all the exiles it produced. The film would win three Oscars, including Best Picture, and go on to become a classic for its story, characters, lines of dialogue, and famous theme song ("As Time Goes By"). On display are costumes worn by actors Ingrid Bergman and Paul Henreid, props from Rick's Café, and a set of lobby cards. Berger points out that many of the people who worked on the film, both as cast and crew, had been displaced by politics and war in Europe. "By combining social history and film history," she says, "we can see 'Casablanca' in a different way."

Film still for "The Major and the Minor" (1942), © Paramount Pictures. | Courtesy of the Margaret Herrick Library, Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. Shown from left: Ray Milland, Ginger Rogers.

Boris Bilinsky, poster for "The Joyless Street (Die Freudlose Gasse)" c. 1925, directed by Georg Wilhelm Pabst, cinémathèque francaise

Dig this story? Sign up for our newsletter to get unique arts & culture stories and videos from across Southern California in your inbox. Also, follow Artbound on Facebook, Twitter, and Youtube.<|endoftext|>Kings of War 2nd Edition includes eleven Force Lists for the major factions of Mantica – but there are many more minor races that go to war besides.

Kings of War: Uncharted Empires will be a compilation of these minor forces, and the second list from the book is now available for you to download as part of our playtesting of the rules. You’ll find all of the instructions for being part of the playtest in the PDF download.

The Herd – available for free download!

Dark Kyron tried to run away but Brave Kyron chased him, flying high across the sky. You can still see them both today, still chasing each other in The Great Hunt. At night, Dark Kyron skulks in the sky, sometimes showing his face, at other times cowering and hiding. Our lost kin worship him in the darkness. In the day, Brave Kyron rises and chases away the shadows and once again shows us the light.

We live to protect and serve the Mother. We are The Lost now Returned. We are the Centaurs, Fauns, Satyrs, Lycans, Minotaurs and more. Some are more beast than man, some more man than beast. We live in the forests, in the hills, the mountains and the rivers. We listen to the world and the world speaks through us. We are the heartbeat and voice of the Mother.

We are The Herd.

You can now download the Herd list and start using any miniatures you may own in Kings of War – The Game Of Fantasy Battles!

Free Download: The Herd Kings of War Force List (COMPLETE Beta Playtest Edition)

Let us know what you think in the comments.

What is Uncharted Empires?

Written by Matt Gilbert, Kings of War: Uncharted Empires is a supplementary book hitting retailer shelves in November. It contains nine Force Lists allowing you to field the minor races of Mantica as fully fledged armies on the tabletop.

We don’t yet make miniatures for these armies, but you may own a similar army and want to play with them using the Kings of War 2nd Edition Rules – these force lists allow you to do exactly that!

This 64-page book includes lists for:

1. The League of Rhordia (Neutral human/halfling army)

2. Ratkin (Evil former slave race)

3. The Brotherhood (Good human army, knight/water elemental themed)

4. The Empire of Dust (Evil skeleton army, ancient Empire and ancestors of the Ophidians)

5. Reptilians (Good army of Salamanders and others)

6. The Herd (Neutral beastman army of satyrs, centuars, minotaurs etc.)

7. The Varangur (aka The Shattered Clans, Evil humans worshipping an ancient deity)

Plus two surprise lists 😉

Share this: Email

Facebook

Twitter

Reddit

Tumblr<|endoftext|>Hillary Clinton turned to online retailer eBay to pick up older model Blackberry devices to be used with her private email server, a House committee chairman says.

'We have a huge problem with personnel,' Utah representative Jason Chaffetz said at an American Enterprise Institute forum in Washington Wednesday.

'I don't want to get into this too much, but part of what was happening with the secretary of state was, she was acquiring technology that wasn't even supported by Blackberry,' Chaffetz said, the Washington Examiner reported.

'You couldn't buy it. She was actually buying this stuff off of eBay because somebody was selling their old machine. That's what she liked, so she did. It creates this huge vulnerability. And it's unnecessary.'

Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton bought Blackberry devices on eBay because she preferred the older model, representative Jason Chaffetz said

Clinton maintained a revolving arsenal of 13 mobile devices from 2009 through her time running the State Department, the FBI revealed in a report released Friday on the bureau's investigation of her.

Republican Donald Trump has been blasting Clinton on the campaign trail for her email practices.

'Who would do this? They even took a hammer to some of her 13 phones to cover up her tracks in obstruction of justice,' he charged in a national security speech in Philadelphia Wednesday.

Trump also hit her on Tuesday, though he mentioned a different device. ''The only people who use that many phones are usually involved in very, very, and I mean very shady activity,' Trump said.

'She was actually buying this stuff off of eBay because somebody was selling their old machine,' said representative Jason Chaffetz

Clinton cycled through 13 different devices, and preferred older model Blackberry products

Donald Trump has been pounding Clinton's 'shady' email practices on the campaign trail

'They used hammers to destroy phones so they couldn't be turned over later – and by the way, who uses 13 different iPhones in four years?' Trump asked.

The FBI notes also revealed that a Clinton aide used a hammer to destroy devices that were cycled out of commission.

'No one takes all the risks Hillary Clinton took unless they are trying to cover up massive crimes.'<|endoftext|>Prelim: This revolves mainly around an Edge-based iPhone (2G) and OS 3.0 software, though most of what is said here is available for the 3G and 3Gs.

**EDITED UPDATE: AT&T is planning on requiring data (+30$ on your bill) on smart phones by Sept 6th, 2009 it seems. Reporters are saying that this will greatly reduce smart phone sales, and stifle innovations in digital wireless phone use as people would choose a cheaper standard phone that burns minutes. AT&T is most likely doing this as customers are realizing they are essentially paying 3x for data (texts, voice minutes, data) and are trying to make it’s new customers look at minutes and not megabytes. An iPhone or smart phone has the abillity to make many phone calls, texts over a data-only plan for minimal charges. AT&T appears once again to be slowing innovation, etc like it’s famous for. There would be no surprise if many lawsuits or FCC hearings take place yet again. This great idea that wireless customers can do everything they need over a simple data-only plan is not known by the general public, and is huge. AT&T is spearheading that lack of public knowledge and will be charging sourly for it.

For instance, a person could jailbreak legally, get a data-only plan through T-mobile, install Skype on their iPhone, install TextPlus and generally be set. (safari is already installed for browsing the web)

Chapter 1: http://iphonenodata.com/

Chapter 2: Using this site, you can use your jail broken or non-jailbroken phone to simply disable EDGE or 3G use for those customers who don’t want to pay 30 bucks/month for data services that AT&T offers in your area. (If you signed an iPhone 2-year contract, however your stuck with it unless you cancel your contract for 175$ early termination– and believe me: canceling right away if your not planning on using AT&T’s data will save you 545.00$ over the 2-year contract. That’s 30/month/2years-175$=545$) Use wifi instead.

Chapter 3: If you want to go further and use your iPhone on another network, you’ll want to Jailbreak your iPhone. This requires a little more computer soul. This term Jailbreaking only means to release your phone from the steel clutches of AT&T’s. Nothing more. This is also perfectly legal as your only changing something that’s yours. There are no U.S. laws that prohibit this. There has been a lot of mass chit-chat about this being illegal, and in no way can be true as it is something tangible that you own. The device is yours! USE it how you see fit. If you don’t like AT&T, cancel your contract (the 175$ early termination fee) and switch to T-Mobile, they are glad to help you out after you Jailbreak your iPhone, which allows it to be used on a lot of foreign networks as well!

Chapter 4: A good site to help you do this can be found here. Get a friend with more experience to help you. An iPhone free from the monopoly that it’s currently tied to is definitely cheaper, and you can truly then enjoy whatever network you see fit and build it the options you want. For instance, customer #001 might want wireless data only, as they’ll be using textplus app with minimal skype voip.

Final Thoughts: Pat yourself on the back when you get it done yourself, or even with someone else’s help.

Advertisements<|endoftext|>TBogg is Tom Boggioni, a writer based in San Diego, Ca. More specifically in Pacific Beach. Okay, in Crown Point, if you must know. Happy now? He was once known as a "somewhat popular blogger" back when blogs were a 'thing'. He is writing the Great American Novel, minus the 'great' part.

Jesus.

Here we are again, talking about this again.

Let us state for the record that there is critical mass of Americans in this country whose very existence is based upon ignorance, paranoia, racism, seething hatred, bitterness, and bigotry. They can’t get up in the morning unless they have someone to hate or look down upon, because that is what lifts them up and makes their world seem not so shitty.

And occasionally this animating animus bubbles up to the surface and racist all-cap rants on Facebook won’t make the pain go away — and there is the NRA is standing by with, as they say at the hardware stores: “the right tool for the right job.”

Because Wayne LaPierre’s terrorist-enabling organization does their damndest to make sure weapons are unregulated, cheap, and plentiful, practically any U.S. citizen can settle any trifling argument with as little as three pounds of pressure on a trigger.

The mother of Adam Lanza — who had severe emotional problems — kept her home stocked with multiple weapons and thought it would be a good idea to bring her son out of his shell by teaching him how to shoot. How did that work out? 26 people dead at Sandy Hook — 20 of whom were children 7-years-old or younger. Also: Nancy Lanza. Adam Lanza brought a shotgun, an AR15 assault weapon, and two handguns with him to the elementary school.

Elliot Rodgers of Santa Barbara couldn’t get laid and hated women. His solution: he killed 6 people and wounded fourteen others. His weapons of choice: 3 handguns, all purchased legally under the benevolent gaze of Wayne LaPierre.

Craig Stephen Hicks had a parking dispute with some Muslim students near the campus of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He executed all three of them with a shot to the head. He liked to carry his .38 on his hip, because he was an open-carry enthusiast.

Another open-carry enthusiast –Alex Kozak — sexually harassed a woman at the mall where he worked. After losing his job, he returned to the mall with his 9mm and shot 20-year-old Andrea Farrington 3-times. In the back.

And now Dylann Storm Roof sat in a predominately black church in Charleston, South Carolina, before opening fire and killing nine African-Americans, explaining, “You rape our women and you’re taking over our country — and you have to go.” Dylann had a history of brushes with the law, was arrested in February on drug charges in addition to being kicked out of a mall for acting “weird,” and was described by his uncle as a “loner” who stayed cooped up in his room. He was given a .45 handgun in April for his birthday. By his father.

The NRA is not solely to blame here, although they certainly believe they are 100 percent in the clear because, hey, who can possibly know what people are going to do with a fine piece of machinery designed to kill? You also have idiot parents who think weapons can be therapeutic or might make swell gifts for their oddball kids.

But the NRA, under LaPierre, has its blood-soaked hands smudging-up every attempt at passing laws that might slow down our national genocide, including recently stopping a law that would have kept guns out of the hands of domestic abusers in Louisiana.

I’ll say it again, and I’ll never stop saying it: It’s Wayne LaPierre’s world — and we’re just dying in it.<|endoftext|>Pot possession becomes legal for adults today in Massachusetts — another sign of Americans’ growing acceptance of recreational marijuana use despite federal drug law.

Public health advocates have worried that the emergence of legalized marijuana in many states would lead to increased use by teens. That doesn’t seem to be the case. Visual: iStock.com

The Bay State joins seven other U.S. states and Washington, D.C., where recreational pot is okay or will be by early next year. Medical marijuana is now legal in 21 states.

Some critics have worried that legal pot, whether recreational or medical, would lead to more kids smoking or consuming it in other ways. But that concern is unsupported according to the the most recent findings, released Tuesday, of a large annual study of teen use of illicit substances.

The annual Monitoring the Future study conducted by the University of Michigan’s Institute for Social Research found that self-reported use of any marijuana in the previous 12 months went down among 8th- and 10th-graders compared with 2015 data (although the drop among 10th-graders is not statistically significant).

Usage has been declining gradually among 8th-graders since 2010 and dropping sharply among 10th-graders since 2013, says the study’s principal investigator Lloyd Johnston, a senior research scientist at the University of Michigan.

Self-reported marijuana use in the previous 12 months among 12th-graders has remained steady at about 36 percent since 2011.

Use of all other drugs studied by the team also decreased in the past year in the nationally representative sample—with the exception of 8th-graders’ use of a synthetic stimulant called bath salts.

The study group included about 45,000 students in public and private secondary schools. The research is funded by the National Institute on Drug Abuse. The report will be published on the project’s web site in January.

Teen use of the most widely used illicit substances other than marijuana has trended down for several years or for two decades in some cases, says Johnston, who has led the study for more than four decades.

The illicit substances covered by the Monitoring the Future study for the past several years include alcohol, prescription amphetamines and narcotics outside of medical supervision (the latter has been surveyed only among 12th-graders), cigarettes, e-cigarettes, heroin, ecstasy (aka MDMA and Molly), synthetic marijuana (aka K-2 or Spice), cocaine, crack, sedatives and inhalants.

“The dramatic decline in cigarette smoking in teens going on for some years, in terms of health and longevity, is probably the most important,” Johnston says.

Few major media outlets covered this news amidst the national political drama.

“In all 42 years that we’ve been doing this study, I don’t know that I can ever recall when nearly all substances that we follow are in decline,” says Johnston.

Teens are becoming more aware of the risks of drinking alcohol and using drugs, he says, and drugs and booze have become less acceptable overall in this age group.

Long-term trends suggest that alcohol and cigarettes, not marijuana, are the gateway drugs or stepping stones to use of so-called harder substances.

The stepping-stone hypothesis is controversial and cannot be tested scientifically because it is unethical to start naïve subjects on drugs or drinking. And there is no way to prevent users in an experiment from knowing which drugs they are using. “So, [the hypothesis] has remained an open question, but this is starting to make it look like there is something to that,” Johnston says.

On Tuesday President Obama signed into the law the 21st Century Cares Act, which will allocate $1 billion in grants to states for the treatment and prevention of prescription drug abuse. One hope is that the funding will help curtail the nation’s growing prescription narcotic problem — among adults and teens.<|endoftext|>[oldembed src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/KRqfEKyizYs" width="425" height="300" resize="1" fid="21"]

Alan Grayson on the original problem with Bank of America

As part of the mortgage settlement announced earlier this year, Bank of America announced that they sent out 200,000 letters to underwater mortgage holders they own or service, offering them the opportunity to reduce their principal. Eligible letter recipients can receive reductions as high as $150,000. Sounds good, right? Not so fast.

David Dayen points out that this isn't really going to hurt Bank of America much at all:

In other words, this is exactly as we suspected; BofA will try to extinguish cash penalties by modifying principal on loans they service but don’t own. And they’re trying to load up on the modifications with those loans. ... I’m generally happy to see any principal reduction happening, though of course these are letters and not actual principal reductions. BofA sent out the letters to 200,000 borrowers, and now they can pick and choose on whom to bestow these benefits. And additionally, BofA will build in a three-month trial period where borrowers will have to pay the mortgage at the new rate. This was the trap in HAMP, as borrowers didn’t get an answer on a permanent modification after three months, waited, and were then hit with a denial and a demand for the difference between the trial payments and the original mortgage within days to avoid foreclosure. Looks like BofA may be setting the same trap. To call this a “penalty” for these banks, or a first step or a down payment or whatever it is Shaun Donovan is calling it these days, should only provoke laughter.

So the question is, how many people will actually be able to obtain the reductions? The process of getting it doesn't seem easy. Only the recipients of the letters are eligible and, as a Bank of America official points out, if someone misses the letter in the avalanche of mail that BoA sends its customers, they lose their opportunity. In order to qualify:

Executives say borrowers receiving the letters are eligible, but they still have to prove they qualify. In order to be eligible, a borrower must be 60 days late on the mortgage payment as of Jan. 31, 2012. The borrower has to owe more on the mortgage than the home is currently worth, commonly known as being “underwater” on the mortgage, and the borrower’s loan must either be owned by Bank of America or serviced by Bank of America for an investor who is allowing the modifications. In order to qualify for the modification, the borrower must answer the letter with full documentation of income, showing that under the terms of the modification they can still make the monthly payment. A borrower with no income would therefore not qualify. A borrower’s current monthly payment must be more than 25 percent of gross income, and the borrower must show they are unable to afford that. “If you can afford to make your monthly payment and are choosing not to, you will not get this principal modification,” says Sturzenegger. ... Not all of the 200,000 borrowers who receive the letters are expected to respond. Executives say there is a level of fatigue among delinquent borrowers who have already received several notices or who may have gone through a failed modification process already. Some borrowers simply don’t want to stay in their homes, while others may think the offer is a scam.

Even if all 200,000 borrowers were to successfully participate in the program, Bank of America services a million loans that are currently underwater, so the vast majority of the struggling families that BoA deals with will get no assistance.

So right before the company has its shareholders meeting, it announces a big program to reduce principal and goes on a media campaign to make it seem like they're taking a chance of possibly paying out more than they are required to, yet they are making it difficult for people to actually obtain the reductions and they aren't actually making any promises. It remains to be seen how much reduction they'll actually follow through on.<|endoftext|>OMAHA, Neb. -- Sophomore Reagan Fowler drove in eight and went 7-for-8 with six runs scored to pace Creighton Baseball to a doubleheader sweep of visiting Georgetown on Saturday, winning by scores of 13-4 and 16-5 on Saturday, April 12.

With the wins, Creighton improves to 18-11-1 this season and is a perfect 3-0 after its first BIG EAST Conference series in program history. Georgetown is now 12-20 overall and winless in six BIG EAST games.

Creighton pounded out 28 hits in the doubleheader win, including 11 for extra bases. The Bluejays had six doubles in the opener before adding two doubles, a triple and two homers in the nightcap.

GAME 1: Creighton 13, Georgetown 4

Fowler set the tone for the day in the first inning of the opener, slicing a two-run into left field. Creighton added a run in the second on a sacrifice fly by senior Jerry Mitchell and put the game away in the fifth with four more runs.

With runners at second and third and one down in the fourth, Georgetown intentionally walked senior Mike Gerber to bring Fowler to the plate. The Bluejay first baseman made the Hoyas pay with a three-run double to right-center to push Creighton up 7-1.

Creighton tacked on two runs in the seventh and four more in the eighth. Starting pitcher Taylor Elman moved to 2-3 on the season, tossing a career-high seven innings for the win.

GAME 2: Creighton 16, Georgetown 5

The second game of the twinbill featured the first inside-the-park home run in TD Ameritrade Park Omaha history, a shot to centerfield by sophomore Ryan Fitzgerald that eluded the glove of a diving Beau Holland and rolled all the way to the wall.

Fowler opened game two just as he had in the first contest, driving home two in the first inning. This time Fowler blasted a triple to right-center then came in to score on an RBI single from Brett Murray.

Creighton added a run in the second and two more in the third, but Georgetown closed to within a run with three in the third and two more in the top of the sixth.

The Bluejays salted the game away, however, with seven runs in the bottom of the sixth including Fitzgerald's blast which capped the inning to give Creighton a 13-5 edge.

Senior Ben Lahn added a three-run home run in the seventh for good measure as Creighton's 16 runs and 16 hits in the second game tied a pair of park records for runs in a single contest, while its six hit batsmen established a new mark as well.

Sophomore Will Bamesberger earned the win in the second game with 1.1 innings of scoreless relief to move to 2-0 on the season.

The Bluejays return to action on Thursday, April 17 as Creighton faces Villanova in its first BIG EAST game on the road at 2:15 pm (CT).<|endoftext|>fox by jans canon.jpg

Bishop's spirit animal is the fox, which is why he applied for a religious exemption for his ID. (Creative Commons/Flickr user jans canon)

(jans canon)

A Portland man finally has his driver's license after a nine-month appeal for a religious exemption. The man, who goes by Bishop, wanted to wear a fox hat in order to honor his spirit animal.

The DMV folks at the DMV let him wear it in his ID photo. But after it was submitted for approval, Bishop was denied. His religion, a Neze Perce tradition called Seven Drums, has its practitioners adopt a spirit animal.

Bishop wanted to wear the fox hat in the photo to honor his.

After a lengthy appeal, Bishop finally has his ID. But he warns other to be aware of his story when it comes time to renew their licenses. After all, his rights are guaranteed by the First Amendment.

"It shouldn't matter if you wear a yamulke or a Hijab or, 'a silly fox hat,' as the man at the DMV wants to call it," Bishop said.

The DMV, for its part, said that the facial recognition software it uses has a hard time processing photos where the subject is wearing any sort of headgear. A DMV spokesman told KATU that he had never had an exemption for this particular religion before.

Watch KATU's report below:

--Eder Campuzano

503.221.4344

@edercampuzano

ecampuzano@oregonian.com<|endoftext|>KOCHI: Like Biblical Elijah who prayed for rains in Israel, churchmen in the state too are banking on prayers for a full-blown monsoon, which has been evading the state this year. As the clouds keep away, several churches and prayer groups are coming together for this mission, sharing the angst of the common man in the times of adversity.

Prayers for seasons have been part of liturgical services and churches have asked their congregations to bring nature to their daily prayers as the whole country is facing the effects of a deficient monsoon. Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, president of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council, has sent instruction to all dioceses in the state to offer prayers for a good monsoon. He has asked believers to pray for nature's bounty during the holy mass and also at homes.

"The mode of prayer has not been specified. It is left to the priests and people to decide for themselves," says Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of Syro-Malabar Church. Last month, a church in Mysore offered special prayers to invoke rains and prevent a draught.

Though lack of rains has been mentioned in homilies before, this year the churches are taking the initiative to make the congregation aware of the severity of the situation. Parish priests are asking believers to practise self-restraint and carefully use resources. Churches want this drive

people to face the issue with solidarity.

Prayer groups too have joined the move. in many areas.

Jacobite Church's parish prayer groups, which meet on Saturdays and Sundays, have made these prayers part of their programmes. "We have asked the congregation to include it in their family prayers. , as the absence of rains is a serious issue.

There is nothing strange about it because prayers for seasons and nature is part of our belief," says Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church.

Offering special prayers to please rain gods is common in Hinduism. Recently, prayers for rains were also held in masjids across the state.

Like Biblical Elijah who prayed for rains for Israel, churchmen in the state too are banking on prayers for a full-blown monsoon which has been evading the state this year. As the clouds keep away, more and more churches and prayer groups are joining this mission for nature, sharing the angst of the common man in the times of adversity.

Prayers for seasons have been part of liturgical services, and churches have asked their congregations to bring nature to their daily prayers as the whole country is facing the effects of a deficient monsoon.

Archbishop Andrews Thazhath, president of the Kerala Catholic Bishops' Council, has sent instruction to all dioceses in Kerala to offer prayers for a good monsoon. He has asked believers to pray for nature's bounty during the holy mass in churches and also at homes.

"The mode of prayer has not been specified, it is left to priests and people to decide for themselves," says Fr Paul Thelakat, spokesperson of Syro-Malabar church.

Last month, a church in Mysore offered special prayers to invoke rains and prevent a draught. Though the lack of rains has been mentioned in homilies before, this year the churches are feeling the pinch more, and taking the initiative to make the congregation aware of the severity of the situation. Parish priests are asking believers to practise self-restraint and use resources carefully in this difficult time. More than praying for rains, churches want this drive to make people responsible and face the issue with solidarity.

Prayer groups too have joined the move in many areas. Jacobite Church's parish prayer groups which meet on Saturdays and Sundays have made prayer for rains part of their programmes.

"We have asked the congregation to include it in their family prayers too as the absence of rains is a serious issue. And there is nothing strange about it because prayers for seasons and nature is part of our belief," says Fr Varghese Kallappara, spokesperson of the Jacobite Syrian Church.

Offering special prayers to please rain gods is common in Hindu religion. Recently, prayers for rains were also held in masjids across the state as the monsoon has been non-existent all these months.<|endoftext|>Interracial relationships are nothing new, but they still remain one of the most controversial and difficult territories to navigate in society today. In 1967, the Supreme Court ruled that interracial relationships are, in fact, legal (and perfectly acceptable), and there are many instances of men and women addressing the issues they face in interracial relationships—in movies like Guess Who, music videos like Alicia Keys “UnThinkable (I’m Ready),” and articles like the one in the April 2012 Marie Claire issue on interracial love.

But there’s another pool of couples that struggle with a different battle: that of being in an intercultural relationship. While this might feel like a niche issue—and yes, there are still plenty of people who lump all Asian Americans into one big ethnic group—we know the various ethnicities are worlds apart, culturally speaking. Want to know what it’s like? I’ll tell you.

My story starts with my sister, who met a Korean man who eventually became her now-husband. Their relationship always seemed peaceful and harmonious. Little did I (or anyone else) know that their relationship had a handful of surprising challenges: His mother didn’t approve of her Chinese heritage, and his parents barely said hi or otherwise acknowledged her when she visited their house. Despite the rejection, my sister stayed focused on her love for and commitment to her significant other, doing her best to pick up on nonverbal cues and learn the Korean culture.

My sister and her husband have now been happily married since 2009. Her in-laws eventually accepted her after realizing that character matters much more than heritage.

When I heard my sister’s story as a high school senior, I was shocked. I grew up Chinese American, and in my family, dating someone from a different culture wasn’t an issue. My parents, who immigrated to the United States when they were very young, are far less traditional than many Asian American parents I know. My sister’s story opened my eyes to the harsh reality that many intercultural couples face—one that I unexpectedly fell into myself.

In my first year of college, in 2007, I started dating a Korean American with very traditional parents. I vividly remember him telling me that his mom knew we were dating. I was excited to hear her response, only to find out that she wasn’t pleased that I wasn’t Korean. I moved past it—but my boyfriend came to me about two years into our relationship, feeling torn. He cared deeply about me but said that we might have to end our relationship because of our cultural differences.

It was true—I couldn’t communicate in Korean, which meant I couldn’t speak to his elder relatives, and I wasn’t familiar with the Korean traditions that were important to his family. While it hurt that our different backgrounds could get in the way of a meaningful relationship, I saw my sister’s relationship experiences mirrored in my own, and I hoped my faith in love and willingness to persevere would result in the same happy ending that she had.

I took language courses in college and learned how to read, write, and understand basic Korean. The professor also covered Korean culture, from New Year’s customs to proper etiquette in various situations. And while I didn’t become great at speaking Korean, the classes helped me be mindful of Korean traditions. I now bow whenever I meet an older adult, for example, and I make a conscious effort not to lift my bowl at the dinner table—nothing out of the ordinary in Chinese culture but considered rude in Korean culture.

All this helped me maintain a polite and cordial relationship with my boyfriend’s parents for several years, but I wondered if they would ever truly accept me into their family. Despite our differences, I believed things would work themselves out. I saw a lot of similarities between my family and his: both value quality family time and good manners; appreciate good food and love to cook; and show love through action, not words.

Fast forward to December 2014, when my boyfriend proposed to me, and I of course agreed to marry him. We’re the happiest we’ve ever been and, to top it all off, his parents fully approve. I’m happy to report that my relationship with my fiance’s family has evolved from civil and cordial to truly loving and warm. These days, they treat me like their daughter—inviting me over on my birthday, cooking me food, and setting up my own quarters in their guest room.

For those in an intercultural relationship, don’t be discouraged. Here’s one big lesson that I’ve learned from the past seven years: Traditional doesn’t always mean “bad.” And just because your significant other’s parents don’t approve of you due to your ethnicity doesn’t mean they’re bad people. It simply means they grew up in a different environment and generation. And rather than be confrontational or give your other half an ultimatum, just be yourself—but take all the steps you can to truly understand their culture and show respect in a way that’s meaningful to them. If it turns out they simply don’t like who you are as a person, it’s time to move on. Otherwise, cultural differences are not the supreme defining factor of your relationship, and you’ll be respected for trying to bridge those differences.<|endoftext|>For some 45 years, the U.S. national-security state justified its existence and its Cold War antics based on the “communist threat” that the United States was supposedly facing. If the United States failed to maintain an enormous standing army and a CIA, the nation would almost sure to fall into communist hands.

Moreover, we were told, dark-side practices, such as torture, assassination, terrorism, invasions, occupations, coups, regime-change operations, and partnerships with criminal organizations and tyrannical foreign regimes were necessary to combat the evils of communism.

Why, they even said that it was necessary to invade Vietnam and sacrifice tens of thousands of American men to prevent the dominoes from falling to the communists, with the biggest domino being the United States.

The Cold War was nothing but a sordid, corrupt sham, one that, not so coincidentally, kept the Pentagon and the CIA in high cotton for decades, with ever-increasing budgets and power, especially with the climate of perpetual crises and war that they made a permanent feature of American life.

You couldn’t find a better demonstration of the Cold War sham than the friendly visit that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, recently made to Vietnam.

Yes, that Vietnam. The same country in which almost 60,000 American men were sent to the deaths during the Vietnam War, for nothing.

Why was Dempsey visiting Vietnam?

Because he wants to enter into a military partnership with the communist regime in Vietnam.

Yes, you read that right: the U.S. national-security state wants to enter into a partnership with a brutal communist regime, the same brutal communist regime that the U.S. national-security state was opposing during the Cold War.

Oh sure, there are different people running the communist system in Vietnam but it nonetheless remains a brutal communist regime, one that will stop at nothing to maintain its grip on power over the Vietnamese people.

Does Dempsey have any reservations about entering into a military partnership with communists?

Why should he? After World War II, the U.S. national-security state actively recruited members of the Nazi regime, and the CIA entered into an assassination partnership with the Mafia. Moreover, let’s not forget the partnership between the U.S. national-security state and its counterpart in Chile in 1973, a partnership that entailed torture, rape, assassination, and execution of thousands of innocent people, including two innocent Americans. There’s also the vast amounts of foreign aid that have gone to pro-U.S. tyrannical regimes all over the world.

What does Dempsey envision for America’s partnership with communists? According to this article in the New York Times, he wants to sell American weaponry to the Vietnamese communists to “help offset the power of China.” Vietnam currently buys its weapons from Russia and apparently Dempsey wants to cut into that business.

segment. When a network switch receives a frame with the broadcast address, it duplicates the frame to each port attached to the switch.

The source address indicates the MAC address of the network interface which sent the frame. This enables other machines on the network to identify and reply to messages received from this machine.

The next field is a 16 bit integer called the EtherType. The EtherType indicates which protocol is encapsulated in the payload portion of a given frame. Some typical examples include Layer 3 protocols such as ARP, IPv4, and IPv6.

The payload of an Ethernet frame can contain anywhere from 46 to 1500 (or more!) bytes of data, depending on how the machines on a Layer 2 network segment are configured. The payload can carry arbitrary data, including the headers for Layer 3 and above protocols (which may even encapsulate traffic at higher layers).

The last element of an Ethernet frame is the frame check sequence (“FCS”): a CRC32 checksum using the IEEE polynomial which enables detection of corrupted data within the frame. Once the frame is assembled, the checksum is computed and stored in the final 4 bytes of the frame. Typically, this is done automatically by the operating system or network interface, but in some circumstances, it is necessary to compute the FCS in userspace software.

Crafting an Ethernet frame in Go

Using the ethernet package, Ethernet frames can be created in Go and used to send and receive data over a network.

In this example, we will create a frame that carries a minimal “hello world” payload with a custom EtherType. The frame will be broadcast to all machines on the same Layer 2 network segment, using the Ethernet broadcast address: FF:FF:FF:FF:FF:FF .

// The frame to be sent over the network.

f := ðernet.Frame{

// Broadcast frame to all machines on same network segment.

Destination: ethernet.Broadcast,

// Identify our machine as the sender.

Source: net.HardwareAddr{0xde, 0xad, 0xbe, 0xef, 0xde, 0xad},

// Identify frame with an unused EtherType.

EtherType: 0xcccc,

// Send a simple message.

Payload: []byte("hello world"),

}

// Marshal the Go representation of a frame to

// the Ethernet frame format.

b, err := f.MarshalBinary()

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to marshal frame: %v", err)

}

// Send the marshaled frame to the network.

sendEthernetFrame(b)

As mentioned earlier, the operating system or network interface will typically handle the FCS calculation for the Ethernet frame. In unusual cases where this cannot be done automatically, ethernet.Frame.MarshalFCS can be invoked to append a calculated FCS to the marshaled frame.

Introduction to VLAN tags

If you’ve worked with computer networks in the past, you may be familiar with the concept of a VLAN: a Virtual LAN segment. VLANs (IEEE 802.1Q) enable splitting a single network segment into many different segments, through clever re-use of the EtherType field in an Ethernet frame.

Source: http://sclabs.blogspot.com/2014/10/ccnp-switch-vlans-and-trunks.html *note: CFI has now been re-purposed as Drop Eligible Indicator (DEI) instead.

When a VLAN tag is added, the 16 bit EtherType field becomes the Tag Protocol Identifier field. This indicates that a VLAN tag is present, using a reserved EtherType value such as 0x8100 .

When a VLAN tag is present, the 16 bits immediately following it designate three fields:

Priority (3 bits): an IEEE P8021.p class of service level.

Drop Eligible Indicator (DEI; formerly CFI) (1 bit): indicates if a frame may be dropped in the presence of network congestion.

VLAN ID (VID) (12 bits): specifies the VLAN to which the frame belongs. Each VID creates a unique network segment.

After the VLAN tag, the EtherType which indicates the encapsulated traffic is present, as normal.

In some circumstances, multiple VLAN tags may be present (IEEE 802.1ad, also known as “Q-in-Q”). As an example, this enables an internet provider to encapsulate a customer’s traffic in a single VLAN, while the customer may also encapsulate their own traffic in many different VLANs.

Specifying VLAN tags for Ethernet frames in Go

Often, the network interface will take care of VLAN tagging for Ethernet frames, but in some circumstances, it can be useful to apply this tag in software as well. Let’s specify a VLAN tag manually, using the frame from our prior example.

// The frame to be sent over the network.

f := ðernet.Frame{

// Broadcast frame to all machines on same network segment.

Destination: ethernet.Broadcast,

// Identify our machine as the sender.

Source: net.HardwareAddr{0xde, 0xad, 0xbe, 0xef, 0xde, 0xad},

// Tag traffic to VLAN 10. If needed, multiple tags

// can be applied for Q-in-Q.

VLAN: []*ethernet.VLAN{{

ID: 10,

}},

// Identify frame with an unused EtherType.

EtherType: 0xcccc,

// Send a simple message.

Payload: []byte("hello world"),

}

In my (admittedly limited) experience, the Priority and DEI fields in the VLAN tag are not generally needed. If in doubt, leave them set to zero.

Sending and receiving Ethernet frames over the network

Most network applications typically build upon TCP or UDP, but since Ethernet frames operate at a much lower level in the stack, some special APIs and permissions are required to make use of them directly.

These APIs are typically referred to as “raw sockets” (or “packet sockets” on Linux). These low level sockets enable sending and receiving Ethernet frames directly, using elevated privileges from the operating system.

On Linux and BSD, github.com/mdlayher/raw can be used to send and receive Ethernet frames over a network interface. Here’s an example that shows how to broadcast our crafted Ethernet frame with its “hello world” message:

// Select the eth0 interface to use for Ethernet traffic.

ifi, err := net.InterfaceByName("eth0")

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to open interface: %v", err)

}

// Open a raw socket using same EtherType as our frame.

c, err := raw.ListenPacket(ifi, 0xcccc)

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to listen: %v", err)

}

defer c.Close()

// Marshal a frame to its binary format.

f := newEthernetFrame("hello world")

b, err := f.MarshalBinary()

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to marshal frame: %v", err)

}

// Broadcast the frame to all devices on our network segment.

addr := &raw.Addr{HardwareAddr: ethernet.Broadcast}

if _, err := c.WriteTo(b, addr); err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to write frame: %v", err)

}

On a different machine, we can use a similar program to listen for incoming Ethernet frames using our specified EtherType.

// Select the eth0 interface to use for Ethernet traffic.

ifi, err := net.InterfaceByName("eth0")

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to open interface: %v", err)

}

// Open a raw socket using same EtherType as our frame.

c, err := raw.ListenPacket(ifi, 0xcccc)

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to listen: %v", err)

}

defer c.Close()

// Accept frames up to interface's MTU in size.

b := make([]byte, ifi.MTU)

var f ethernet.Frame

// Keep reading frames.

for {

n, addr, err := c.ReadFrom(b)

if err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to receive message: %v", err)

}

// Unpack Ethernet frame into Go representation.

if err := (&f).UnmarshalBinary(b[:n]); err != nil {

log.Fatalf("failed to unmarshal ethernet frame: %v", err)

}

// Display source of message and message itself.

log.Printf("[%s] %s", addr.String(), string(f.Payload))

}

That’s it! If you’d like to give this a try at home and have two or more Linux or BSD machines available, you can try out my etherecho demo binary.

Summary

Low-level networking primitives like Ethernet frames and raw sockets are very powerful. Using these primitives, you can have complete control over the traffic sent and received by your application.

If you find these types of programs as exciting as I do, I highly encourage you to take my ethernet and raw packages for a spin. In future posts, I’ll discuss some of the protocols you can build directly on top of Ethernet frames and raw sockets.

Thank you very much for reading this post. I hope you’ve enjoyed it and learned something new along the way. If you have, you may also be interested in some of my other posts about using low-level networking primitives with the Go programming language.

Finally, if you have questions or comments, feel free to reach out via the comments, Twitter, or Gophers Slack (username: mdlayher).

Thanks again for your time!

Links

Package ethernet : https://github.com/mdlayher/ethernet

: https://github.com/mdlayher/ethernet Package raw : https://github.com/mdlayher/raw

: https://github.com/mdlayher/raw Command etherecho : https://github.com/mdlayher/ethernet/tree/master/cmd/etherecho

References<|endoftext|>It’s official. An EV, the Chevy Bolt, has been named North American Car of the Year at the Detroit Auto Show; the altar of internal combustion.

That’s a nod to the widespread adoption of EVs that is gaining momentum as fast as Dominic Toreto’s 1970 hemi-powered Dodge Charger. Last year, 159,000 EVs were sold in the United States, an impressive 38% increase over 2015. That’s a whole lot of electric vehicles needing to be charged up to hit the road.

Which begs the question – are electric utilities up to the challenge? Consider that a single EV plugged into a Level 2 charger can actually double a home’s peak electricity demand.

In this article, we look at how utilities have been working with regulators & other parties to accelerate infrastructure growth – and without compromising the grid.

A welcome profit opportunity.

“Utilities are stepping away from the idea that the electric vehicle is a larger threat than solar power.” – Scott Shepard, Senior Research Analyst, Navigant Research

Utilities are evaluating the electric car as a welcome profit opportunity. For many years, utilities have been struggling with sluggish growth, especially in the face of alternative greener power (such as solar and windfarms), and energy conservation efforts (such as installing LED lightbulbs). Electric vehicles are reviving demand for electricity, and provoking conversations about load.

Recent research by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) predicts that private EV ownership will go head-to-head with internal combustion vehicles by the mid-2020s – even earlier where fleets are concerned.

Naturally, California is leading the way, with Governor Jerry Brown wanting to put 1.5 million zero emission vehicles (ZEV) on the road by 2025.

The California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) recently approved proposals from investor-owned utilities to invest ratepayer dollars in EV charging infrastructure. The state had initially banned utilities from investing in EV infrastructure, citing concerns about ensuring a competitive market, but the growing need to accelerate EV adoption in order to meet state deadlines reversed this decision.

The initial proposals from investor-owned utilities Pacific Gas and Electric (PG&E), Southern California Edison (SCE) and San Diego Gas and Electric (SDG&E) were deemed too ambitious and turned down. Now, PG&E has been approved for a hybrid ownership program for 7,500 EV charging stations at $130 million.

Likewise, SCE is building out a 1,500 site, $22 million pilot where hosts will own the charging stations. And SDG&E was approved for a 3,500 site, $45 million pilot of utility-owned chargers.

Other states are joining in, with varying levels of success. Oregon’s recent proposal to have utilities fund charging stations was met with controversy. Similar to California, there was concern about passing on the costs of building charging infrastructure to customers.

In March of 2016, the Oregon legislature passed a bill to have the Oregon Public Utility Commission (OPUC) request state utilities submit proposals to accelerate electrification. The bill calls for investments or rebates for EV charging and related infrastructure.

Over in New Hampshire, things got heated when Liberty Utilities filed for permission for station owners to resell power at charging stations. The New Hampshire Public Utilities Commission ordered a staff inquiry into the legal and regulatory issues of resale of electricity at EV charging stations.

Liberty told regulators that prohibiting the resale of electricity in its service territory “precludes the administrator/owner of the charging station to charge for usage at a per kilowatt-hour (kWh) rate. Rather, they are forced to charge in other manners, such as an hourly flat rate.”

New Hampshire regulators are now considering how charging stations operate, and will decide whether distribution utility tariffs should be changed.

According to the Division of Motor Vehicles, there are currently 1,014 EVs and 7,032 hybrid-electric vehicles registered in New Hampshire.

Location, location, location.

But it’s not enough just to provide charging for electric vehicles – the charging points need to be strategically located.

Avista, an investor-owned utility which serves Idaho and eastern Washington, is rolling out a charging program targeting 272 port installations over two years. There are 400 customers driving EVs, mostly in western Washington and Puget Sound.

Their philosophy is that charging locations should be within short walking distance of an amenity valued by the driver, depending on how long it will take to charge. For example, a DC fast charger should be near coffee shops, but public Level 2 chargers should be near attractions like restaurants or parks. The utility looks at several aspects of potential charge sites for assessment, such as whether the host will be engaged and an active partner, as well as proximity to electricity.

Kansas City Power & Light (KCP&L) launched their EV charging rollout in January of 2015, providing two years of free “gas.” Over 18 months, they went from 50 EV drivers to 1,200, a 39 percent increase and a United States record. There are 7,000 charging stations at grocery stores and big box retailers, of which 700 are public. KCP&L has also recruited a group of EV “ambassadors” to answer questions and advocate for EV ownership.

A smarter grid.

Of course, electric cars are more than just an emissions-free transportation vehicle. EV battery storage may become the solution to peak demand challenges.

A CPUC Vehicle-Grid white paper notes that soon, net load will decrease at mid-day and increase in the evening, requiring a quick response from the grid. These load needs have been nicknamed the “duck curve,” since the theoretical graph resembles a duck. The belly of the duck curve is growing larger, meaning the ramp is steeper and requires faster ramping services.

Since EVs plugged into smart charging stations are a flexible load, utilities can use them to better manage the “duck.” EVs can therefore take pressure off the system by making the size of the ramp smaller.

Ultimately, this serves to increase the EV value proposition by increasing sales and provide more opportunity for private sector EV charging station providers. But the question remains – does this compromise competition? What do the regulators say?

A paper by the Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) found that regulators and policymakers must ensure EVs benefit ratepayers, utilities and the grid. It’s the regulators’ job to develop means of setting rates, develop rules for siting of the charging infrastructure, and best use EV batteries as a market resource.

Although utilities are best suited to deploy the initial network of charging stations, should utilities work with the private sector and other public entities to accelerate growth? That’s something else for the regulators to chew on.

Trojan horse of energy literacy?

“EVs could be the Trojan horse of energy literacy.” – Colin McKerracher, head of advanced transportation, Bloomberg New Energy Finance

Then there’s the whole marketing and branding aspect of this new-ish role for utilities. They may also benefit from EVs making them more noticeable and engaging to consumers. That can only be to the utility sector’s advantage, since most consumers in the United States are not on use rates – which utilities need to manage demand.

There’s a need to ensure EVs are charged at the best time for the system, and EVs could make for a more engaged dynamic, in effect, making them the Trojan horse of energy literacy.

A greater awareness of home energy consumption can only help to unlock the demand side of potential consumers. That’s not just good for the utilities, but also good for the planet.<|endoftext|>Dennis Kucinich Celebrates Vegan Earth Day With A Special VEGGIE Message

Like us on Facebook:

The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi

I’ve interviewed many a famous face, but perhaps one of my favorite memories was chatting with Dennis Kucinich at the Farm Sanctuary Gala in 2008.

This guy is the REAL DEAL and absolutely ahead of his time.

On June 21st, the world’s first annual Vegan Earth Day Celebration was held at Pierce College in Woodland Hills California, and Mr. Kucinich delivered a special video message.

In the clip below, Dennis says:

“What does it mean to be a vegan? Well, I can share with you what it’s meant to me. When I made that decision back in 1995, I was in a different state of health. For many years I suffered from what some know as Crohn’s Disease and I was told that there was no cure for it. But by a vegan diet and by the use of Chinese medicine as an extra help, I don’t have a problem anymore.

I just want to tell you that for health reasons, for compassion for animals, there are many reasons that people can make that change. And also for helping to save the planet. There are as many reasons why a person may be a vegan as there are vegans, I suppose. But for me it’s been one of the most important decisions in my life. It’s enabled me to have increased clarity and vitality, and its given me a joy of life that I can’t say that I really had when I had another diet that was weighing me down physically and spiritually.”

See what I mean? HE’S THE MAN!!

Check out the whole video and then head on over to GoVeg.com to get your free vegetarian starter kit.<|endoftext|>In Britain “empiricist” is a compliment, a fancy way of saying a good egg with an open mind. The universities shun the grand theories and lofty principles of the continent in favour of “the evidence”. The citizenry expects leaders to focus on “outcomes” rather than means. “Ideological” has become a term of abuse in the political trade.

Start out with this culture, and pour on the big data churned out by ubiquitous, interconnected computers, and – past generations might have imagined – you’d end up with a form of public life as problem solving. Things would be tried, results measured and conclusions teased out in seminar-style discussions. But in reality, while the 2015 election will certainly be the most fact-blitzed in history, fact-led pragmatism has not arrived. Instead, the coming campaign will be yah-boo with numerical knobs on.

Celebrate statistics as a vital part of democracy | Letters Read more

Labour will trumpet dire statistics about real wages, which rest on the discredited old retail price index. The Conservatives will come up with dodgy definitions of family incomes, which include those taxes that they have cut, but exclude those they have increased, and ignore benefit cuts. Nobody else will be left any the wiser. Swing voters will not be swung, but instead sigh that there are lies, damned lies and statistics. Mean, median and perhaps even modal averages will be arbitrarily seized on to support every self-serving point, about everything from A&E waits to the proportion of crimes that the police are clearing up.

From high on the mountain and above the fray, Sir Andrew Dilnot of the UK Statistics Authority, or the Institute for Fiscal Studies, will be called to pass Solomonic judgments on the spin. It won’t make much difference. By the time the referees’ rulings are in, the circus will have moved on. Or else the politicians will simply brazen it out: only this week David Cameron has been bandying about statistics to imply the very causal connection between the government’s benefit cap and claimants moving into work that Sir Andrew had last month cautioned the Department for Work and Pensions against assuming.

The abundance of data does nothing to dull the motive to abuse numbers, and may actually increase the opportunity. But there are also deeper problems with figure-fuelled discourses, even when there is no intention to deceive, as Thursday’s controversy about school league tables showed.

Since being introduced in 1992, there have been so many reinventions that it is no longer easy, well, to keep count. The first generation were crude exam pass rates, which told everything about who went to a school and little about how good a job it did. Next came so-called value added tables, which started with pupils’ attainment on the way in, and then tried to assess how far they’d been stretched by the time they left. That sounded sensible but the baseline proved to be wobbly, and schools with challenging intakes protested that the negative peer effects produced by poverty and other disadvantaging demographics were still not being fairly reflected. This led to the birth of “contextual value added” tables that adjusted for these things. Problem solved!

Except, of course, that the tables were no longer intelligible. They sweated the data to assess how institutions fared after allowing for every circumstance, which may be interesting for some but not for parents, who are keen to know how good schools actually are – without allowing for anything. All this was under Labour: Michael Gove turned the tables again. He stripped out some of the baffling context and made other tweaks, such as discounting the once-vaunted iGCSE in English, which was what led to Thursday’s farce of Eton and Westminster being shunted to the bottom rank.

In every flavour of table yet tried, many of the bumps up and down the league each year can be explained by random variation in the pupil mix. That is to say that the noise overpowered the signal, just one of the perennial perils in the statistical trade. Others include the sort of malign warping of definitions seen in George Osborne’s “tax transparency” letters, and confusion about what question it is that a figure is actually supposed to settle. The project of replacing a clash of ideas with a policy calculus was always dubious. Anyone still hankering for it should admit their number’s up.<|endoftext|>What is it with the Steelers and playing down to competition?

A few years ago I made a comic about how the Steelers, fresh on a massive offensive high, were going to obliterate a garbage Jets team. The Jets won, and I had to eat crow. Several commentors called it beforehand and pointed out that this happens all the time. I started paying attention and…they’re right. The Steelers do no show up against teams they have no business losing to. It’s like they take the week off when they think they should win. The mighty steel industry powerhouse shows up one week, then the next week they are a jenga tower in a jet engine test facility. It’s weird.

It’s not like they lose every one of these games, but there is a definite trend of playing down to the competition. The Steelers are a Super Bowl caliber team when they are clicking, but they can never stay clicking. This past week they lost to the 2017 Chicago Bears. The BEARS. The Bears are my pick for #1 overall pick this season, I have no faith in the Bears whatsoever. The Bears didn’t even play well! Mike Glennon completed roughly 2 passes give or take a wet fart. The Bears committed a likely candidate for special teams gaff of the year, if not one of the dumbest moves in the entire season. All the move ended up doing was sending the game into overtime because the Bears didn’t score again until regulation ended. At 17 points. The Bears tried like hell to bears away that game but ultimately, the Steelers steelered it instead. If the Steelers miss out on a bye week or just squeak out of the playoffs we are all going to look back at this game and go “Well, there’s your problem”.

Maybe they were distracted because their attempt to stay apolitical for the anthem backfired as the entire team wasn’t quite on the same page and it became a whole thing. Maybe Mike Tomlin looks at bad teams on the schedule and decides he’d rather spend a few more days in hollywood hot tubs pretending to be Omar Epps. Maybe Tomlin wasn’t even on the field, maybe it WAS Omar Epps! Epps is an actor, he could play the role. Maybe Tomlin takes time off and has Epps fill in against teams the Steelers should be able to take care of! Man, why didn’t I think of this BEFORE I made this comic? Goddamnit.

Anyway I know Antonio Brown doesn’t have the Tetris haircut anymore but I’m going to keep drawing him that way because it was amazing and everyone will know who it is anyway.<|endoftext|>The Portland Timbers recently devoured the Chivas USA at home by a score of 3-0 but a campaign against homophobia launched by the Portland fans is what took the headlines by storm.

The Portland Timbers recently devoured the Chivas USA at home by a score of 3-0 but a campaign against homophobia launched by the Portland fans is what took the headlines by storm. A huge banner that read "Football Fans Against Homophobia" was hanging down from the stands throughout the entirety of the match, displaying two men kissing with a rainbow behind them.Ever since Robbie Rodgers announced his retirement from soccer due to the fact that he is gay, the MLS has attempted to kick homophobia out of the game. Rodgers stated that it was impossible to be a professional soccer player while being gay but the support of many MLS colleagues brought Robbie back to the game that he loves . With great fans that tolerate the fact that everybody is different and that promote equality for all, it's no wonder why the ex-Colombus man is making his way back to MLS play.

The fans did not stop at the banner to show their respect for all sexual orientations; the Portland Timbers took a page from the Borussia Dortmund handbook and made a tifo of a rainbow to encourage everybody to accept each other. Although the tifo was nothing close to the quality of the Germans, the message behind the actions is what makes the tifo so special. Fans received little flags of different colors before the match and waved them to make a beautiful scenery for everybody at the stadium.

Along with racism, homophobia is one of the most talked about problems in the world of professional sports but with courageous players like Robbie Rodgers showing the world that they will be who they are despite not being accepted, it seems as if we are evolving to cope with these issues better. The MLS has even launched a campaign that tells every player and fan not to cross the line between what they might think is funny, and what others might see as an insult. Soccer fans look up to the players from a very young age so if a player promotes respect for everybody, the fans will follow the example. Respect doesn't mean that you need to agree with another person's ideas but like the Beatles so famously said, just "Let It Be".<|endoftext|>It’s tough being a Millennial these days. Once the hip darlings of our popular culture, my generation has moved into full-blown adulthood now, and dangit we’re supposed to be spending more money.

To read the press coverage is to come away with the notion it is the responsibility of our generation to sustain, among other things:

Casual dining restaurants

Golf

Napkins

Bar soap

Home Depot

The Housing Market

The Hang-Out Sitcom

Canadian tourism

Answering the phone by saying, “Yello.”

Pudding

I only made up two of those. The rest were things Millennials have been accused in the media of killing. The usual complaint is that we just won’t spend our money on the things our parents spent their money on, like personal watercraft and subprime mortgages, and it’s causing lots of problems.

This extends, even, to college football, per the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette.

Mr. Bukowski, 21, calls himself a big-time Pitt fan, but his attitude toward live sporting events are shared among younger generations. Many feel it can be just as enjoyable to watch at home or in a sports bar with friends, and often it’s less expensive and more convenient. This reality is creating a problem for athletic departments across the country as NCAA average home football attendance has fallen five of the last six years.

This sentiment does seem to be broadly shared among my peer group, but I don’t think it has as much to do with our age as it does two simple factors: (1) Everywhere you go has giant HD televisions now, and (2) live events are extremely expensive.

Going to a football game at just about any big school is a whole ordeal. Traffic is heavy, parking is hard to find and/or expensive, and tickets are $80 or $100 for seats that aren’t even good. I feel taken advantage of at every turn. Whereas at home I can follow the game three times as well, the beer costs a quarter of the price, and I can pee twice as often in my own back yard.

There are certain games and certain stadiums that make it all worth it. A night game at LSU, an October afternoon at Nebraska, your school’s rivalry game — these are all sometimes worth attending in person, despite the cost and inconvenience.

But even then … not every time.

Not when you can sit on your own couch and spot a booger in Jim Harbaugh’s nose.

Here’s what football looked like on TV when I started watching it.

That’s not altogether terrible, but they didn’t even put the score on the screen the whole time back then. Now I get news and stats updating across the bottom of the screen, all the relevant game information somewhere else on the screen, and I can pause, rewind, fast forward, screen grab, tweet and get famous all with no guarantee I’m even clothed.

While Power Five conferences boasted record revenue in 2016 — more than double the totals in 2012, thanks in large part to huge television contracts — filling stadiums remains important because ticket sales are still a significant source of revenue. And attending football games, experts say, is critical in maintaining another lifeblood of athletic departments: donations. Ticket sales and donations account for 41 percent of total revenue at Football Bowl Subdivision schools in 2014, according to a 2015 NCAA report. Factor in a predicted decline in future television revenue, and the downward attendance trend is even more problematic.

Naturally there’s an effort afoot to engage with the youths, which is a matter of convincing them their expendable income is better expended on attending college football games than “Instagraming through Madagascar” or whatever it is we’re supposedly spending our money on instead. Pitt is offering discounted tickets to recent graduates, for example. What that plan lacks in ingenuity it makes up for in pragmatism. You already owe your college way more money than you’ll ever make in your lifetime. You shouldn’t leave an event there feeling like they wrung you out once again for good measure. You’re an alumnus, not a sucker.

(Or are you?)

Yet there’s only so much a school can do. People have more options now, and if there is something distinct about Millennials in all this, it’s that we came up not having to pay much for entertainment products, if we paid anything at all. We pirated our first JAY-Z albums. There is no admission charge on Reddit.

It’s not a particular generation of people that’s killing college football attendance. It’s technology, and there’s no going back.<|endoftext|>Falvey, 33, had been Cleveland's assistant general manager for the past year and had been with that organization since 2007. Falvey helped build a roster that saw the Indians win the American League Central this year for the first time since '07.

MINNEAPOLIS -- With the regular season coming to a close for the Twins on Sunday, they formally announced the hiring of Derek Falvey to be executive vice president and chief baseball officer on Monday.

MINNEAPOLIS -- With the regular season coming to a close for the Twins on Sunday, they formally announced the hiring of Derek Falvey to be executive vice president and chief baseball officer on Monday.

Falvey, 33, had been Cleveland's assistant general manager for the past year and had been with that organization since 2007. Falvey helped build a roster that saw the Indians win the American League Central this year for the first time since '07.

"I believe the addition of Derek Falvey to the Minnesota Twins will markedly enhance our organizational excellence and bring championship baseball back to Minnesota," Twins owner Jim Pohlad said.

"It's a tremendous honor to have the opportunity to lead the Twins baseball operation," Falvey said. "This is a proud, resilient franchise, and I'm eager to return championship-caliber baseball to the Twin Cities. We will work diligently and collectively to select and develop top performers, advance our processes, and nurture a progressive culture that will make fans across Twins Territory proud."

Falvey is known for his work in player development and for helping the Indians build one of the best rotations in baseball. He oversaw Cleveland's pitching program, which is considered one of the more forward-thinking programs in the game, utilizing biomechanics and unorthodox methods such as having players throughout the Minor League system throw weighted balls.

Pitching remains Minnesota's biggest weakness, as the Twins finished with the second-worst ERA in the Majors and have had trouble developing pitchers in recent years, having to resort to signing expensive contracts to veteran free agents such as Ervin Santana, Phil Hughes and Ricky Nolasco with mixed results.

Before being promoted to assistant GM before the season, Falvey previously served as director of baseball operations for four years. As assistant GM, he assisted in all areas of baseball operations, including contracts and statistical work. He also was involved in the acquisition and development of amateur and professional players.

One of his main roles was overseeing the advanced scouting department and he worked closely with manager Terry Francona to disseminate relevant information to the Major League coaching staff on a daily basis. Francona spoke highly of Falvey when asked about him last week.

"He's kind of a rising star, in my opinion," Francona said. "I don't think you're going to talk to anybody around here who doesn't think he is. He does everything."

Falvey represents a departure from Minnesota's old-school ways, as he's well-versed in analytics -- speaking on a panel for player development at the 2013 Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) analytics conference -- and graduated from Trinity College with an economics degree in 2005. He also pitched at Trinity.

Falvey succeeds longtime Twins general manager Terry Ryan, who was dismissed in July. Ryan, 62, served as Minnesota's GM from 1994-2007 and again from 2011 until this year.

Falvey was hired over other known candidates, including interim GM Rob Antony, the Cubs' Jason McLeod, the Royals' J.J. Picollo and the Rays' Chaim Bloom. The Twins utilized the search firm Korn Ferry in helping identify and interview candidates. Pohlad and Twins president Dave St. Peter conducted the interviews.

Rhett Bollinger has covered the Twins for MLB.com since 2011. Read his blog, Bollinger Beat, follow him on Twitter @RhettBollinger and listen to his podcast.<|endoftext|>Copyright by WYTV - All rights reserved

YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) - Americans have the right to vote, but some don't use that right until there's a big election.

Those voters who are ready to go to the polls for this presidential race could be disappointed if it has been a long time since they have been there.

Mahoning County Board of Elections IT Manager Chris Rakocy said those who haven't voted in two federal elections will receive a notice. If the County Board of Elections doesn't receive a response or any voting activity for two elections after that -- eight years of inactivity -- the voter would be taken off the rolls.

"If they voted in 2012, they're fine. If they can't remember whether they voted in 2012, best thing to do is call us," said Mahoning County Board of Elections Director Joyce Kale-Pesta.

The state wants to change its system to six years of inactivity, instead of eight, but it's being challenged in a lawsuit. Ohio supplies to the county board of elections files of people who may have moved and also non-voters.

The county sends a change of address mailing, telling people to verify their address and voting status. That's federal law, which started in 1995.

Mahoning County sent about 14,000 of those mailers last year before 9,485 names from were taken off the voter rolls.

"If we send them this NCOA (Notice of Change of Address) and update our files before Election Day, they can vote a regular ballot on Election Day instead of a provisional ballot on Election Day. So the process for them is much easier," Kale-Pesta said.

A provisional ballot lets you cast a vote, but it will be at least 10 days before it's processed to determine whether it's valid.

If it has been awhile since you voted, the best thing you can do is check with your County Board of Elections.<|endoftext|>By: Jay Dyer

In a long line of odd kids’ movies from the 80s we’ve detailed, an important missing piece from the to-do list has been Terry Gilliam’s Time Bandits. I grew up with this film, but was always a little creeped out by the film’s overall philosophy – even before I knew anything about philosophy. The rather satirical ending always seemed inexplicable, but in this analysis we will attempt to probe its true meaning. Like other Gilliam films, we see consistent patterns such as Zero Theorum, Brazil or 12 Monkeys where fantasy and reality collide, dystopian modernity crushes us with its vacuous inanity and consumerism, and climaxes that are often left open.

To understand the film, I think we need look no further than Masonry. I recall seeing an old interview once with the Monty Python members, and the “philosophy” of the troupe was explained to be more or less masonic, according to John Cleese. Given the comedic presentations of Life of Bryan and Holy Grail, this would seem to follow logically – the kind of Jesus presented and taught in the West is quite comical. That is not to say Masonry is justified, but rather the logic of the western abandonment of Christian dogma inevitably leads to a gigantic megachurch circus turned atheism factory.

Form this vantage, we can see why the faux-freedom revolution of the light of reason Masonry sells to its outer portico members is appealing. “Science” has given iPhones and Darwin, while religion is all dogma and superstition used to exploit mankind. The tired, old myths of Voltaire and Kant never seem to die, yet it is precisely that ethos that gave rise to Masonry, and its is natural in that context the arts would come to reflect this position – both organically from the mass acceptance of unexamined Enlightenment presuppositions, as well as by state-funded propaganda means. This is the setting for many Gilliam films – even The Adventures of Baron Von Muchausen – the world we inhabit is the failed, abortion-creation of an evil tyrant demiurge who is the model for the pantopticon surveillance grid (both 12 Monkeys and Brazil bear this out).

I am sure you tire of me constantly mentioning gnosticism, but this is the perennial teaching of these pseudo-esoteric societies, cults and false religions. Whether you examine Plato or ancient Egypt, whether the systems are ultimately dualistic or monistic, these are the only two options. Quite literally – all philosophies and religions outside the Orthodox conception dissolve into monism. Some might pretend to a kind of eternal dualism, but these also can collapse into monism due to the eternal necessity that develops as a result of saying the opposing forces are co-eternal and thus co-necessary. Therefore evil becomes the ground by which good comes to be, and good becomes ground by which evil comes to necessarily be, even taking on an actual existence as a ‘substance.’ Thus, evil has being and ultimately is relativized and meaningless in relation to the “good,” and we are back to monism (since the manifestation of either is relative, both dissolve into purely subjective manifestations of one eternal ‘substance,’ or monism). This is precisely the worldview Time Bandits will display.

Time, under the dominion of Saturn-Chronos (in this scheme) is the imprisoning demiurge. As a child-devouring cannibalistic tyrant, his ‘prison-maze’ must be escaped by some means. For the hermeticists, gnostics and heretics, this entity is identified with Jehovah, the biblical Creator God. The entities that rebelled against this tyrant are thus the revolutionary heroes, explaining why most revolutionaries have paid some homage to either Satan or Lucifer (regardless of the outward spins and trappings they put on their mythos to justify it).

The Creator God in these schemes is generally deistic, being distant and removed from his failed creation. However, for some mysterious, unknown reason, his aborted world of base matter contains secrets that are a kind of technology. “Science” in this model is the explication of the workings of the kosmos form the inert codes and forces that lay untapped in “dead matter” that are supposed to ultimately lead to some form of teleological transcendence or escape. The “wheel of time” is therefore an impersonal, chaotic alchemical/chemical process of creation-decay-destruction (rinse, repeat) symbolized by the ouroboros.

If one can gain an understanding of these secrets mystically veiled within base matter, then the transcending of time and space through technology is possible (so the argument goes). This is the significance of the “Map” in Time Bandits, symbolizing the architectural plans and designs the “Supreme Being” jealously guards from his hated creations. Isn’t it interesting the perennial presentation of the gnostics and hermeticists is literally the same as what Satan promises in the garden? The promise being through gnosis from the Tree of Knowledge man could become God, and that God is secretly hoarding those secrets to ‘keep man down.” The Supreme Being is a Masonic conception of a generic “god” that is the supposed “Architect” or Archon behind the design of the present world. An architect works with pre-existing matter and is in no way a creator. Much like we saw in our Aristotle lecture, prima materia and the eternality of the world make Aristotelianism the predecessor to Masonry (and not Orthodox Christianity). As I have noted many times, Aristotle calls his empty placeholder ‘deity’ the “Architect.” This why the opening sequence displays classical alchemical symbols.

Our band of little people, the rebellious dwarfs are both comical and accurate portrayals of the fallen angels. Former servants of the demiurge, this band of sweet n low simpletons managed to steal the ‘Supreme Being’s’ “Map” and have since become time fugitives. Like Bill and Ted cut in halves, these buffoons happen upon the psyche of a young boy named Kevin, fumbling their way into his subconscious. Now, that might seem like a stretch, but recall we’ve seen this notion before – in Labyrinth, for example. Just as Sarah’s bedroom, toys, dolls, books and games all become the architecture of her inner dream world experience of the Labyrinth, so with Kevin all the drawings, toys, miniature play sets and historical figures become the architecture of his inner dream world. For most, the interpretation would be this is merely a symbolical representation of a child’s fantasy world, or the inner workings of Kevin’s association schema, etc. Readers of JaysAnalysis know I propose something very different: What if the inner world of the psyche is real?

We have come to think of what is “real” in a very limited, either/or sense based on Newtonian models of “reality” equaling physicality. This ridiculous paradigm, which negates the existence of the ‘self’ that purports to discover its “truth” dies a very hard death. No matter how nonsensical and self-refuting physico-materialism is shown to be, it still holds powerful sway over the mind of modern man. In this sense, we can appreciate in some respect the attempts – even if accidental – of someone like a Terry Gilliam to grasp at the point of something major being lost in consumerist modernity, namely the imaginal. Note that I am not saying everything in one’s imagination is “real” or on equal par with the phenomena of the waking world. The Fall of Man did many things, but one of which I suspect is a dividing of the inner world of the psyche from the outer world of the kosmos. This is why man has such a difficult time interpreting the world after the Fall and fails to see the presence of the Logos in all the logoi, as many theologians have noted. This is why Kevin is clearly shown falling asleep when the Bandits arrive.

The ages Kevin and the lil’ boyz visit is also significant from a Masonic perspective, as they are aeons upon which Masons and gnostics place a high value. The tyranny of Napoleon is presented as a psychological problem based on his diminutive stature, for example, but keep in mind that Napoleon was a Masonic Emperor (as Dr. Quigley noted, he was a tool of the bankers). Just as the age of Napoleon is characterized by this almost Freudian psychological issue, so in Kevin’s day his mindless parents are viewed as the apex products of western physico-materialism, collapsing into empty consumerism. Their obsession with the latest blender and home appliance ironically forms an aspect of Kevin’s nightmare about the future or his own adulthood. The obsession with “empire” is lampooned to satirize man’s attempt at creating an empire, stretching back to Alexander the Great, the Middle Ages, the Titans, and ultimately to the demiurge. The absurdity being the petty human tyrants are supposedly the apes of “god.” In each age, man’s problems are psychologized into some psycho-sexual shortcoming or Freudian mishap.

Fleeing Napoleon, the Bandits encounter Robin Hood, the archetypal communist. As we said, all revolutionaries are hailed as icons and reincarnations of the Spirit of Lucifer or Satan for a reason – the supposed “unfair” world is the prison complex of the demiurge. Even if atheistic, the logic of the revolutionary must always end in some form of warfare on the world as a whole, and by extension, its creator – think of Saul Alinsky dedicating his book to Satan. This is also why Masonry (ever the tool of some foreign or banking power) has always been the hotbed of revolution in any nation. The “worker’s revolution” of Marx was a Masonic revolution, based out of London. Speaking of Masonic oddities, it is worth noting Sean Connery plays the role of Agamemnon, which is curiously parallel to the role of “reincarnated” Alexander the Great he played in Kipling’s overtly Masonic-based hoodwink, The Man Who Would be King.

The relevance of the Titanic sequence is similar to the message of James Cameron’s Titanic – the old world of the nobility and old money is coming to an end. Various theories about the conspiratorial nature of the Titanic abound, from insurance fraud to a hit upon Astors and Guggenheims by other elites concerning the creation of the Federal Reserve Bank. I don’t pretend to know which is correct, but either way the significance of the Titanic sinking is the end of that order – a symbolical form of a new phase of the ongoing “revolution.” “Evil” is then shown transporting the Bandits to the time of Legend, the Golden Age of ancient mythology, replete with Ogres and Titans.

Reaching the edge of consciousness and reality, the Bandits seek the “barrier of invisibility,” which signifies the passage from our plane to the astral. Across this barrier and over the Abyss lies the “Fortress of Infinite Evil.” It is interesting to note again the similarities with Labyrinth, where the building blocks come to resemble an M.C. Escher work. Evil resides in the lowest assesses of the subconscious, the astral plane. This is comparable to the Biblical notion of the outer darkness, the void or abyss. This is not to say evil is a being with substance, but that the souls or psyches of man are the gateways for spirits. While this is all lampooned in a grand, galactic comedy of errors, when the “Supreme Being” shows up, he appears as a stuffy old English Gentleman – in other words, like an old Freemason. The “Supreme Being” reveals that evil was his handiwork and it all turned out very well.

The story is told as if the universal battle of good versus evil were an absurd child’s fantasy, where the rebellious angels are understood as heroic revolutionaries who weasel their way back into divine wages. After all, evil is just the handiwork of god. As the story comes to a close, we begin to suspect it was all Kevin’s dream, as firemen (one of whom is Agamemnon) burst in to rescue him from a fire. Evil, which we thought had been turned to a kind of carbon, charcoal substance and thus identified with matter, still lingers around as a shard of the malevolent one was overlooked. Like God in the garden, Kevin tells his mother and father not to touch the “evil,” which has mysteriously shown up in the toaster his parents obsessed over.

The tree of the knowledge of good and evil, here identifying evil with matter, materialism and consumerism, ends in the destruction of Kevin’s worthless boomer parents. We might be tempted to say the purpose of the film was a comical, atheistic mockery of an apparently absurd and “childlike” story of good versus evil. The story at first appears to do this, but reveals a deeper, more esoteric conception that reality is actually made up of various planes and spiritual levels, from the present world to the psychosphere to the spiritual. While attempting to present a Masonic mockery fable, it is also possible Gilliam (wittingly or unwittingly) hit upon a much more accurate architecture of the kosmos than he expected. That said, God is not a stodgy old British man, nor is evil a substance. While Gilliam is right to critique the nonsensical absurdity of transhumanism as the result of rampant consumerism and the fetish of technology, the dialectical double think of the Masonry he seems to espouse is the cause of the modernity he critiques as absurd.

Subscribe to JaysAnalysis in the Purchase Membership Shop !<|endoftext|>2017 Aries Horoscope: Money, Career and Business: a Hard Beginning Makes a Good Ending

2017 doesn’t offer the ideal start for Aries, when we are talking about career and money. Mercury retrograde in the tenth house, in the first days of the New Year, can bring them into awkward situation, in public. But this is not a long-lasting transit. On January 5th Mercury is already in the ninth house and doesn’t influence anymore Aries’ career. Mercury enters again in the tenth house on January 12th, but in direct motion, bringing much better influences.

Forgetting about Mercury and his January stroll, I will describe the most important planetary transits that influence Aries in 2017, regarding money, career and business: Mars in the second house (March 10th-April 21st, Mercury retrogrades in the second house (Aprl 9th-April 20th), Venus in the second house (June 6th-July 7th), Pluto retrograde in the tenth house (April, 20th –September, 28th), Jupiter in the eighth house (starting October 11th) and Saturn in the tenth house (starting December 20th).

MARCH 10th –APRIlL21st: A LOT OF MONEY COMING IN, A LOT OF MONEY GOING OUT: between 10 March and 21 April 2017, Mars transits and energizes your second house: house of money, possessions and bank accounts. Usually, Mars increases the flow of money into your life, but this planet doesn’t care if the money is coming in or going out. What is important is that money must flow. It you saw the movie „The Secret“, you already know what we are talking about: „ As money comes to you, it must flow through you like the flow of a river or the flow of money will stop. Be the flow“. So, you will find ways to make more money and grow your wealth, during this transit. But this money will be quickly spend or invested, they are not meant for a bank deposit or for any other kind of saving. So, the best way is to be informed and to inform yourself and to invest smart. The best time to do this is before April 9th, when Mercury turns retrograde in Taurus.

APRIL 9TH – APRIL 20TH: STOP BUSINESS NEGOTIATION! When Mercury retrogrades in Taurus, Aries has to be very careful with money! Stop buying stuff they don’t need, avoid impulse buying and don’t let themself fooled by marketing! Otherwise, there is a major risk to spend in these ten days more than in an entire month. The best thing to do (with Mercury retrograde affecting communication and with Mars energizing the house of money) is to avoid any financial negotiation. If this is not possible, you must try to avoid the most common money or salary negotiation mistakes: revealing prematurely how much you would accept, accepting or declining offers too quickly or take things to personally. You also must remember to never give away without getting something in return.

JUNE 6TH – JULY 7TH: YOU NEED FINANCIAL SECURITY: When Venus is transiting the second house, financial security becomes very important to you. But you also like to invest in your health and in your beauty. So, you’ll find some ways to make economy and to develop financial stability. But, after working for money, you will indulge yourself at the spa and you will also buy some nice clothes. Relationships with people having money-related jobs (like loan officers, real estate officers or accountants) will improve. Maybe now is the best time to call your bank.

APRIL, 20TH – SEPTEMBER, 28TH: HORRIBLE BOSSES: While Pluto retrograde is transiting Capricorn, you will have to learn how to successfully handle aggressive and controlling people. Maybe you will have the most horrible bosses. And I am not talking about „Horrible Bosses“ like in the movie with the same title – it will not be Jennifer Aniston getting naughty. I am ralking about real life horrible bosses – arrogant, unrealistic, disconnected or simply mean. Or – depending on your natal chart – you can yourself become too arrogant or carrying too much about what others think . Remember, how they think of you is their problem, not yours!

STARTING OCTOBER 11th, 2017: OTHER PEOPLE’S MONEY: with Jupiter transiting Scorpio, Aries will become an expert in other people’s money. During this transit, people born under the Aries sign are lucky with investments and legacies. Even if they do not earn sufficient money, their life partner, their parents or their other close relatives will certainly do. And guess who will help them to manage, to invest and to spend it! Peter Drucker, the educator and management consultant considered the founder of modern management offered the following definition: „ business, that’s easily defined – it’s other people’s money“. So, maybe you should start your own business – if you hadn’t already – between October 2017 and November 2018.

STARTING DECEMBER 20TH, 2017: BUILDING A SUCCESFULL CAREER: Starting December 20th, 2016, Saturn influences Aries’ career and public image, until the end of 2020. For Aries, building a successful career will become the main task. Acquiring skills, rather than prestigious job titles, is one of the main keys for self-development in career. Understanding the importance of a positive self-image and working to improve it is another „must“ for Aries, during these three years. They will put time and money into improving themselves, but the results will not come overnight. A real, effective boost for their career may come only at the end of Saturn’s transit through Capricorn or immediately after it. But the origins of this boost, of this development can be found in actions made starting December 2017.

YOU WANT A PERSONALYZED ASTRAL ANALYSIS? WRITE ME<|endoftext|>San Diego, Calif., June 6, 2013 -- Bioengineers at the University of California, San Diego have developed a computational model of 1,366 genes in E. coli that includes 3D protein structures and has enabled them to compute the temperature sensitivity of the bacterium’s proteins. The study, published June 7 in the journal Science, opens the door for engineers to create heat-tolerant microbial strains for production of commodity chemicals, therapeutic proteins and other industrial applications.

Students of microbiology learn early that bacterial growth is temperature sensitive. For most pathogens, the optimum growth temperature is approximately the same as the body temperature of humans, or 37 C, but some bacteria, called thermophiles, grow well at high temperatures. Determining what precisely causes some bacteria to be more heat sensitive than others has eluded scientists thus far.

“Evidence has accumulated over several decades that proteins are what limit the heat tolerance of cells, but pinpointing the weak points represented by specific proteins has never before been accomplished except when researchers have engineered certain proteins to be sensitive to temperature,” said Roger Chang, the first author on the paper who earned his Ph.D. in bioinformatics and systems biology at UC San Diego in 2012. “Not only have we predicted some of these weak points in E. coli but we did so through an unprecedented integrative computational approach drawing from both three-dimensional protein structure analysis and genome-scale cellular network modeling.”

Chang completed his Ph.D. in the Systems Biology Research Group of Professor Bernhard Palsson and is currently a postdoctoral fellow at Harvard Medical School.

Chang said the predictions about thermosensitivity of specific proteins in E. coli have been overcome by nutrient supplementation experiments, as predicted by the computational model. The next step is toengineer or evolve thermostabilizing mutations in these proteins to yield genetically thermotolerant strains.The results thus far demonstrate the potential capabilities offered by the emerging field of systems biology, which leverages the power of high-performance computing and an enormous amount of available data from the life sciences to simulate biological activities.

“Broadly speaking, this study demonstrates how fundamental understanding of biology can be revealed by integrating network and structural biology at the genome-scale,” said Professor Palsson. “Representing cellular functions in chemically accurate terms enables quantitative computation of cellular behavior. It is quite remarkable how far this field has come in just the past couple of years, and it appears that we can look forward to continuing advances in the near future.”<|endoftext|>Saturday afternoon, the MLB umpires union announced umpires around the league will wear white wristbands to protest an increase in verbal abuse from players around the league. The protest comes after umpire Angel Hernandez was ripped by Tigers second baseman Ian Kinsler last week.

Here's the release from the umpire's union:

#WUA issued the following statement in response to escalating verbal attacks: pic.twitter.com/wGLIoLOUq0 — MLB World Umpires (@MLBaseballUmps) August 19, 2017

The umpire crew for Saturday's game between the Blue Jays and Cubs at Wrigley Field (GameTracker) are indeed wearing white wristbands as part of the protest. Here's a look:

MLB umpires are wearing white wristbands to protest "verbal abuse." MLB.com/CBS Sports

Kinsler argued with Hernandez during Monday's game and was ejected. After the ejection, he appeared to tell Hernandez "you're (expletive) terrible at your job." The next day, Kinsler continued to rip Hernandez while speaking to the media, saying Hernandez "needs to find another job" because "no one wants (him) behind the plate anymore," among other things.

For what it's worth, longtime big league pitcher and television analyst Jim Kaat recently noted players bark at umpires more these days than ever before.

Hmmm..interesting ..never in my baseball lifetime have I seen players openly jaw at umpires as much as today and get no punishment. — Jim Kaat (@KaatJim) August 9, 2017

Kinsler was fined for his tirade against Hernandez, but was not suspended. Veteran umpire Joe West, meanwhile, was recently suspended three days for comments made about Rangers third base Adrian Beltre.<|endoftext|>I am hoping that by now your interest in craft beer will be well and truly sparked (if not see my previous post New to Craft Beer..) and the question you are now asking is where can I drink it? The answer is the pub, the brewery or at home. For the purpose of this post however, I am going to talk about where you can go out to drink it. If you are still unsure of what craft beer is, the truth is, the definition is still being worked out and argued over. That said, I would say there are at least three points that most people seem to agree on 1) Craft breweries are independently owned and as a result smaller which is why they are also known as microbreweries 2) Craft beers use pure ingredients, no additives 3) Craft beers are often experimental, combining styles and ingredients that are not commonly found in mass produced beer. All this considered, what’s stopping you from trying it!

Fact time, there are approximately 50 microbreweries in London alone making amazing beer and this number is growing pretty fast. Cask ales already have a large presence and it is normal to find a varied selection of cask ales in most pubs in London (Nicholsons and Wetherspoons pub particularly). On the keg, bottle and can front though things are different. I have been to a lot of pubs in recent months and discovered that unless a place specialises in craft beer, Meantime and Camden beers are generally the two craft breweries of choice in the majority of pubs in and around London. Although good, in my opinion these are safe options and only showcase a fraction of what is out there.

What distinguishes a craft beer pub from an average pub is that the choice of beer is usually extensive (often going into the hundreds) and the number of craft beers will outweigh the number of non craft beers and not the other way round. Before I get on to the places here are some tips-

1) You should always ask to try before you buy, in fact this is encouraged especially as…

2) Craft beers are often stronger than your average beer, so when you get into the higher ABVs they can get pricey. This is why the bartender will usually tell you the price of a half rather than a pint. However you are paying for good quality and drinking halves means you get to try more!

3) Ask for recommendations, if there is a particular flavour you like, tell the bartender and they should be able to recommend something, think of it like buying a good glass of wine

So here are some recommendations on where to start.

The Pubs

The Craft Beer Co– Before the recent ‘craft beer revolution’ there was and still is the Cask Pub and Kitchen in Pimlico from which its sister pub the Craft Beer Co was born. Both have a serious dedication to showcasing the best craft beer available in the UK, Europe and America on cask, keg and in bottles. As a result the selection is frequently changing but always excellent. Although all three London branches of The Craft Beer Co are very different in design, the first thing you will notice when you walk into any of them is the impressive number of taps. Therefore there is no need to have the same beer twice. The Craft Beer Co London branches are in Angel, Brixton and Clerkenwell. There is a fourth pub in Brighton.

Brewdog– if you have never heard of Brewdog you soon will. They are possibly the most popular craft beer brand of the moment and it is definitely not all about image. Brewdog are a rapdily expanding Scottish brewery. Their original London based pub is in Camden and this is not a place where you go and politely sip drinks, you are going to get drunk but on excellent beer (and damn good pizza too). As well as serving their own beers on keg and in bottles they always have a selection of guest beers too which inevitably will be of the same Brewdog standards. Really friendly bar staff too and you’ll always make a friend here!

The Rake– again one of the early pioneers of craft beer in London, the Rake is one of two pubs associated with Utobeer, which boasts the largest selection of any beer retailer in London. Both based in Borough Market, the Rake always have an excellent selection which they announce daily on Facebook and Twitter but unfortunately they usually sell out of this by the time I finish work! That said they will always have equally good replacements.

The Lyric– a tiny gem in Soho where I have discovered a fair few of my favourite beers recently. Relatively small inside but an outside area off the main road which never gets too crowded and the selection here is always fantastic. Whether I am in the mood for a seriously hoppy IPA or something more experimental like a herby saison I know I will find it here.

The Draft House– Draft House pubs do not classify themselves as craft beer pubs but do have a commitment to good beer. The selection can be quite different depending on which pub you visit. I have not visited them all but my personal favourite is the one on Lordship Lane as their tap selection tends to be larger and more adventurous than the more central branches, (I have yet to try the one in Tower Bridge. However if the taps fail to inspire they will always have something good in the fridge. Very good burgers too.

The Breweries!

My favourite way to drink beer is to go directly to the breweries themselves. Not only can you drink the beers at shop price (in the breweries anyway) but you may get to try something that isn’t yet available in the pub or a limited edition. Many breweries are now open on Saturdays or have their own bar or brewpub which will be open during the week too. Here are some for starters-

Partizan Brewing– Bermondsey (Saturdays only)

The Kernel -Bermondsey (Saturdays only)

Camden Town Brewery– Kentish Town

London Fields Brewery– Hackney

Redchurch Brewery– Hackney

Duke’s Brew & Que – Beavertown’s brewpub, Hackney

This should be plenty to get you started but here are some more pubs in case-

The Euston Tap– Euston

The Old Red Cow– Farringdon

Holborn Whippett– Holborn

Powder Keg Diplomacy– Clapham

The Flying Pig– East Dulwich<|endoftext|>Coordinates:

British Library highlights film, 2014.

The British Library is the national library of the United Kingdom[6] and the largest national library in the world by number of items catalogued. It is estimated to contain 150–200 million+[7][8][3][4] items from many countries. As a legal deposit library, the British Library receives copies of all books produced in the United Kingdom and Ireland, including a significant proportion of overseas titles distributed in the UK. The Library is a non-departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.

The British Library is a major research library, with items in many languages[9] and in many formats, both print and digital: books, manuscripts, journals, newspapers, magazines, sound and music recordings, videos, play-scripts, patents, databases, maps, stamps, prints, drawings. The Library's collections include around 14 million books,[10] along with substantial holdings of manuscripts and historical items dating back as far as 2000 BC. In addition to receiving a copy of every publication produced in the UK and Ireland (approximately 8,000 per day), the Library has a programme for content acquisitions. The Library adds some three million items every year occupying 9.6 kilometres (6.0 mi) of new shelf space.[11] There is space in the library for over 1,200 readers.[12]

Prior to 1973, the Library was part of the British Museum. The British Library Act 1972 detached the library department from the museum, but it continued to host the now separated British Library in the same Reading Room and building as the museum until 1997. The Library is now located in a purpose-built building on the north side of Euston Road in St Pancras, London (between Euston railway station and St Pancras railway station), and has a document storage centre and reading room near Boston Spa, near Wetherby in West Yorkshire. The Euston Road building is classified as a Grade I listed building "of exceptional interest" for its architecture and history.[13]

Historical background [ edit ]

The British Library was created on 1 July 1973 as a result of the British Library Act 1972.[14] Prior to this, the national library was part of the British Museum, which provided the bulk of the holdings of the new library, alongside smaller organisations which were folded in (such as the National Central Library,[15] the National Lending Library for Science and Technology and the British National Bibliography).[14] In 1974 functions previously exercised by the Office for Scientific and Technical Information were taken over; in 1982 the India Office Library and Records and the HMSO Binderies became British Library responsibilities.[16] In 1983, the Library absorbed the National Sound Archive, which holds many sound and video recordings, with over a million discs and thousands of tapes.[17]

The core of the Library's historical collections is based on a series of donations and acquisitions from the 18th century, known as the "foundation collections".[18] These include the books and manuscripts of Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Hans Sloane, Robert Harley and the King's Library of King George III,[19] as well as the Old Royal Library donated by King George II.

For many years its collections were dispersed in various buildings around central London, in places such as Bloomsbury (within the British Museum), Chancery Lane, Bayswater, and Holborn, with an interlibrary lending centre at Boston Spa, 2.5 miles (4.0 km) east of Wetherby in West Yorkshire (situated on Thorp Arch Trading Estate), and the newspaper library at Colindale, north-west London.[14]

Initial plans for the British Library required demolition of an integral part of Bloomsbury – a seven-acre swathe of streets immediately in front of the Museum, so that the Library could be situated directly opposite. After a long and hard-fought campaign led by Dr George Wagner, this decision was overturned and the library was instead constructed by John Laing plc[20] on a site at Euston Road next to St Pancras railway station.[21]

From 1997 to 2009 the main collection was housed in this single new building and the collection of British and overseas newspapers was housed at Colindale. In July 2008 the Library announced that it would be moving low-use items to a new storage facility in Boston Spa in Yorkshire and that it planned to close the newspaper library at Colindale, ahead of a later move to a similar facility on the same site.[22] From January 2009 to April 2012 over 200 km of material was moved to the Additional Storage Building and is now delivered to British Library Reading Rooms in London on request by a daily shuttle service.[23] Construction work on the Newspaper Storage Building was completed in 2013 and the newspaper library at Colindale closed on 8 November 2013. The collection has now been split between the St Pancras and Boston Spa sites. The British Library Document Supply Service (BLDSS) and the Library's Document Supply Collection is based on the same site in Boston Spa. Collections housed in Yorkshire, comprising low-use material and the newspaper and Document Supply collections, make up around 70% of the total material the library holds.[25] The Library previously had a book storage depot in Woolwich, south-east London, which is no longer in use.

The new library was designed specially for the purpose by the architect Colin St John Wilson[14] in collaboration with his wife MJ Long, who came up with the plan that was subsequently developed and built.[26] Facing Euston Road is a large piazza that includes pieces of public art, such as large sculptures by Eduardo Paolozzi (a bronze statue based on William Blake's study of Isaac Newton) and Antony Gormley. It is the largest public building constructed in the United Kingdom in the 20th century.[27][28]

In the middle of the building is a six-storey glass tower inspired by a similar structure in the Beinecke Library, containing the King's Library with 65,000 printed volumes along with other pamphlets, manuscripts and maps collected by King George III between 1763 and 1820.[29] In December 2009 a new storage building at Boston Spa was opened by Rosie Winterton. The new facility, costing £26 million, has a capacity for seven million items, stored in more than 140,000 bar-coded containers and which are retrieved by robots[30] from the 162.7 miles of temperature and humidity-controlled storage space.[31]

On Friday, 5 April 2013, the Library announced that it would begin saving all sites with the suffix .uk (every British website, e-book, online newsletter, and blog) in a bid to preserve the nation's "digital memory" (which as of then amounted to about 4.8 million sites containing 1 billion web pages). The Library would make all the material publicly available to users by the end of 2013, and would ensure that, through technological advancements, all the material is preserved for future generations, despite the fluidity of the Internet.[32]

The building was Grade I listed on 1 August 2015.[13]

Legal deposit [ edit ]

Interior of the British Library, with the smoked glass wall of the King's Library in the background.

In England, legal deposit can be traced back to at least 1610.[33] The Copyright Act 1911 established the principle of the legal deposit, ensuring that the British Library and five other libraries in Great Britain and Ireland are entitled to receive a free copy of every item published or distributed in Britain. The other five libraries are: the Bodleian Library at Oxford; the University Library at Cambridge; the Trinity College Library at Dublin; and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales. The British Library is the only one that must automatically receive a copy of every item published in Britain; the others are entitled to these items, but must specifically request them from the publisher after learning that they have been or are about to be published, a task done centrally by the Agency for the Legal Deposit Libraries.

Further, under the terms of Irish copyright law (most recently the Copyright and Related Rights Act 2000), the British Library is entitled to automatically receive a free copy of every book published in Ireland, alongside the National Library of Ireland, the Trinity College Library at Dublin, the library of the University of Limerick, the library of Dublin City University and the libraries of the four constituent universities of the National University of Ireland. The Bodleian Library, Cambridge University Library, and the National Libraries of Scotland and Wales are also entitled to copies of material published in Ireland, but again must formally make requests.

In 2003 the Ipswich MP Chris Mole introduced a Private Member's Bill which became the Legal Deposit Libraries Act 2003. The Act extends United Kingdom legal deposit requirements to electronic documents, such as CD-ROMs and selected websites.[34]

The Library also holds the Asia, Pacific and Africa Collections (APAC) which include the India Office Records and materials in the languages of Asia and of north and north-east Africa.[35]

Using the library's reading rooms [ edit ]

[36]) used to deliver requested books from stores to reading rooms. The mechanical book handling system (MBHS) used to deliver requested books from stores to reading rooms.

Sitting on History, with its ball and chain, refers to the book as the captor of information which we cannot escape

The bust visible top left is Bronze sculpture. Bill Woodrow 's 'Sitting on History' was purchased for the British Library by Carl Djerassi and Diane Middlebrook in 1997.Sitting on History, with its ball and chain, refers to the book as the captor of information which we cannot escapeThe bust visible top left is Colin St. John Wilson RA by Celia Scott, 1998 a gift from the American Trust for the British Library. Sir Colin designed the British Library building

The Library is open to everyone who has a genuine need to use its collections. Anyone with a permanent address who wishes to carry out research can apply for a Reader Pass; they are required to provide proof of signature and address.[37]

Historically, only those wishing to use specialised material unavailable in other public or academic libraries would be given a Reader Pass. The Library has been criticised for admitting numbers of undergraduate students, who have access to their own university libraries, to the reading rooms. The Library replied that it has always admitted undergraduates as long as they have a legitimate personal, work-related or academic research purpose.[38]

The majority of catalogue entries can be found on Explore the British Library, the Library's main catalogue, which is based on Primo.[39] Other collections have their own catalogues, such as western manuscripts. The large reading rooms offer hundreds of seats which are often filled with researchers, especially during the Easter and summer holidays.

British Library Reader Pass holders are also able to view the Document Supply Collection in the Reading Room at the Library's site in Boston Spa in Yorkshire as well as the hard copy newspaper collection from 29 September 2014. Now that access is available to legal deposit collection material, it is necessary for visitors to register as a Reader to use the Boston Spa Reading Room.[40]

Material available online [ edit ]

The British Library makes a number of images of items within its collections available online. Its Online Gallery gives access to 30,000 images from various medieval books, together with a handful of exhibition-style items in a proprietary format, such as the Lindisfarne Gospels. This includes the facility to "turn the virtual pages" of a few documents, such as Leonardo da Vinci's notebooks.[41] Catalogue entries for many of the illuminated manuscript collections are available online, with selected images of pages or miniatures from a growing number of them,[42] and there is a database of significant bookbindings.[43] British Library Sounds provides free online access to over 60,000 sound recordings.

The British Library's commercial secure electronic delivery service was started in 2003 at a cost of £6 million. This offers more than 100 million items (including 280,000 journal titles, 50 million patents, 5 million reports, 476,000 US dissertations and 433,000 conference proceedings) for researchers and library patrons worldwide which were previously unavailable outside the Library because of copyright restrictions. In line with a government directive that the British Library must cover a percentage of its operating costs, a fee is charged to the user. However, this service is no longer profitable and has led to a series of restructures to try to prevent further losses.[44] When Google Books started, the British Library signed an agreement with Microsoft to digitise a number of books from the British Library for its Live Search Books project.[45] This material was only available to readers in the US, and closed in May 2008.[46] The scanned books are currently available via the British Library catalogue or Amazon.[47]

In October 2010 the British Library launched its Management and business studies portal. This website is designed to allow digital access to management research reports, consulting reports, working papers and articles.[48]

In November 2011, four million newspaper pages from the 18th and 19th centuries were made available online. The project will scan up to 40 million pages over the next 10 years. The archive is free to search, but there is a charge for accessing the pages themselves.[49]

Electronic collections [ edit ]

Explore the British Library is the latest[when?] iteration of the online catalogue. It contains nearly 57 million records and may be used to search, view and order items from the collections or search the contents of the Library's website. The Library's electronic collections include over 40,000 ejournals, 800 databases and other electronic resources.[50] A number of these are available for remote access to registered St Pancras Reader Pass holders.

PhD theses are available via the E-Theses Online Service (EThOS).[51]

Digital Library System [ edit ]


Broad, with a beard, he wears a high-vis vest and sweats in the heat. He’s driven an hour to be here from a small inland town and reckons when Islamic State invades Australia, the first people they’ll come for are gay people.

Glenn Lazarus, the rugby league great turned federal senator, still bulky from his playing days, takes to the stage after Hinton-Teoh: “Society is ready for this. Two people who fall in love – they should be able to get married. I just think let’s do it … let’s do it right now.”

Hinton-Teoh comes from a family of successful marriages. “I always wanted that for myself,” he says. And so it is that much of the language around the campaign for marriage equality is reassuring, conservative.

“Our rallies are different – they are about love, commitment and family,” says Hinton-Teoh. “What our campaign communicates is not an adversarial public engagement but one of welcome.”

The Ipswich rally serves several purposes. Partly it is about the gathering and the engagement, where families of like mind and circumstance can meet and share stories and revive for another push for marriage equality.

And there is political calculation here too. Ipswich, viewed down south as potentially suspect (it was the cradle of Pauline Hanson’s One Nation party), is part of a region where there is strong Coalition support for marriage equality. MPs from south-east Queensland who support marriage equality include Terri Butler, Wyatt Roy, Teresa Gambaro and Warren Entsch. But the federal MP for the seat that includes Ipswich, Labor’s Shayne Neumann, opposes it. At this rally only the state Labor member, Jennifer Howard, is in attendance.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘We need to tell our kids it’s OK to be who they are’: Queenslanders stand firm on marriage equality – video

The aims of the rally, according to Hinton-Teoh, are to “highlight the strength of support for marriage equality in the community, to raise the profile of the issue, to start conversations in the community, to give the local member an opportunity to be emboldened by that support and to identify champions within the community who can carry on the campaign on a local level”.

In four years in the marriage equality movement, Hinton-Teoh become very familiar with the inside of airport terminals, regional airstrips, country towns. Over a week he has travelled between Queensland, the ACT, Victoria and Tasmania. The campaign for marriage equality has become a battle – one that has run a lot longer than its advocates expected.

On one level it’s a movement that has spread outwards – to places like Ipswich, Tamworth and Bunbury, where 10 years ago to hold hands with your same-sex partner in public was to risk aggression. But it has also found its natural centre – Canberra, where the federal politicians are – and the fight returns there over and over again.

The numbers game

Australian Marriage Equality emerged in response to the Howard government’s legislation banning same-sex marriage in 2004, when wording of the Marriage Act was changed to state that marriage is an institution between a man and a woman to the exclusion of all others. Rodney Croome, the current director of AME, was among the founders.

The first national co-convenors, when AME was formed in 2005, were Luke Gahan and Geraldine Donoghue, and it had four other leadership teams before Croome took over. Croome’s predecessor, Alex Greenwich, is an MP in the New South Wales parliament. The campaign ran print ads at the time of the Howard amendment and at the 2004 federal election. They started running television ads in 2009 to coincide with the first serious attempt to repeal those amendments. The senior figures in the campaign are volunteers. Hinton-Teoh, a small business owner, says he works more than 100 hours a week for AME, and Croome even more than that.

The strategy is to achieve equal rights via amendments to the federal Marriage Act. “We want to get the majority of members of parliament to support marriage equality,” Croome says simply.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rodney Croome, the national convenor of Australian Marriage Equality, is a veteran gay rights campaigner who won a landmark case to legalise homosexuality in Tasmania. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian

Since the beginning, the organisation has homed in on individual parliamentarians on both sides of the house to persuade them to vote for changes.

It’s a technique that differs from the old style activism of public rallies and the derided clicktivism of electronic petitions. AME instead borrows both from grassroots activism and high-powered, very focused lobbying. For years the most important numbers in AME’s life have been those in the Canberra parliament.

Their strategy is to tick the MPs off electorate by electorate, using constituents to visit their local member to discuss marriage equality.

In 2004 the Labor party, including those on the left such as Tanya Plibersek and Anthony Albanese, voted for the Howard amendments. The Labor party’s large Catholic base and the sway of conservative unions such as the “Shoppies” (Shop, Distributive and Allied Employees’ Association) have meant the party’s support for marriage equality has been hard won.

Last month, Guardian Australia reported that the Shoppies had discussed dropping its opposition to marriage equality at both its national executive and national conference. Research by the union found members either supported marriage equality or were indifferent to it.

Over the past decade, marriage equality first won support from inner-city Labor MPs, then suburban Labor MPs, then, most recently, inner-city Liberals, Croome says. Now comes to the push to persuade rural, regional and suburban Coalition MPs.

“We have selected 25 key electorates where there is a Liberal who could be persuaded,” Croome says. “We aim to ensure that there is always someone going into the [office of the] member to explain why it matters – and telling them their personal story.”

A personal story may include bullying at school or discrimination at work, or it may be a parent explaining how she wants her daughter to have the same chance to marry as her heterosexual sons.

Heterosexual people with no obvious interest can make a difference Rodney Croome, director of Australian Marriage Equality

Hinton-Teoh says: “We have run petitions in the past but what will always be more powerful is when people take the time to share their story.”

There is a space on the AME website to send personal messages to MPs, which is a popular feature. “One of our call outs for stories was so successful that out of respect to the MPs we decided to aggregate the emails – one email for every thousand letters of support. Attached would be a PDF of 1,000 stories for marriage equality,” says Hinton-Teoh.

The AME calls the constituents visiting their MPs “local champions”.

“These people are highly motivated and they organise others,” Croome explains. “They have good local connections – and they can go to the local real estate agent or school principal and encourage them to speak to the MP and persuade others.”

Sarah Henderson, the Liberal MP in the western Victorian seat of Corangamite, was visited by “local champions” and in June announced her support for same-sex marriage. She told ABC 24 that she reached that conclusion after extensive consultations with her electorate.

The campaign wants a declared majority of the house in favour. It doesn’t have that, but is close to a majority that includes undeclared supporters. When Henderson indicated her support, Croome said he believed that might have tipped the balance in the House of Representatives.

“We may just have crossed the line into a majority – I’m not calling it yet, but I think we’re very close.”

The campaign cites with approval electorates such as Corangamite and Gilmore, in New South Wales, where local MP Ann Sudmalis ran an electorate-wide survey which she said would determine her vote. It returned a strong “yes”. Croome says: “Heterosexual people with no obvious interest can make a difference.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Marriage equality badges. ‘We are always bubbling along,’ says Rodney Croome, director of Australian Marriage Equality. Photograph: Daniel Kalisz/AAP

The strategy has thrown up some unexpected and strong alliances. Take Warren Entsch. The 65 year-old Liberal National party member from the Queensland seat of Leichhardt worked closely with advocates from AME to introduce a private member’s bill into the House of Representatives to amend the Marriage Act in 2015.

“Every meeting with Warren Entsch ends and starts with a hug,” says Hinton-Teoh.

Entsch’s conversion happened after he discovered a member of his electorate was transgender and had faced discrimination. Since then he has been one of the movement’s staunchest allies. “It’s always odd to stretch out [in Entsch’s office] and have your feet on a crocodile skin and see stockman’s whips on the wall,” says Hinton-Teoh.

The plebiscite and ‘plan B’

In August the campaign was thrown a curveball. With the number of supporters in the House of Representatives verging on a majority, Tony Abbott, then prime minister, decided to change the rules, floating and then confirming plans to put the issue to a plebiscite some time in the next parliament.

Malcolm Turnbull, a conspicuous supporter of marriage equality, had supported Entsch’s bill as a frontbencher. But when he took over as prime minister he endorsed the plebiscite (estimated to cost $158.4m), as part of the compact with the right of the Coalition that enabled him to succeed Abbott. The move threatened to derail the strategy of AME, which has worked so hard to target politicians.

In meetings with supporters in Canberra in September, Croome acknowledged the blow but was philosophical. “One of the reasons why a free vote has been canned is because we can get the numbers. We have built it up to a majority in the Senate – and in the House of Representatives 67 declared supporters and four or five undeclared. That’s 72 and we need 76. We are very close. One of the reasons the hard right of the Coalition worked so hard is that they know we could win this in parliament. This is all to divert attention that we have been successful.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Warren Entsch with Greens senator Sarah Hanson-Young from the Greens and Independent MP Cathy McGowan after introducing his private member’s bill on marriage equality in August. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian

Croome is a veteran of gay rights campaigns, and focused for a long time on legal change in his home state of Tasmania. As recently as 1997 he won a landmark high court case (Croome v Tasmania) to decriminalise homosexuality – the culmination of a powerful campaign that harnessed the the power of the UN against the state.

He is careful with words, sometimes over-deliberate, to the point of seeming stand-offish in conversation. But no one knows this issue better. He allows Guardian Australia to photograph the start of meetings, but not to sit in. For Croome, keeping conversations about strategic matters with politicians private is more important than the extra media access. This is the balancing act: the need for discretion balanced with the need for publicity - when to amplify the public aspect of the campaign, and when to go quietly.

The move towards a plebiscite requires a different style of activism from that of legal challenges or lobbying. When the plebiscite was announced, those in the marriage equality movement set up a “war room” in Canberra and hunkered down to work on a plan B.

This includes raising money to broaden the campaign from targeting MPs to targeting whole electorates. A campaign director, Erin McCallum, and two part-time assistants were appointed, becoming AME’s first paid staff.

Regardless, deep pockets will be needed to reach all Australians of voting age.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tony Abbott threatened to sack ministers who voted for marriage equality, before settling on a plan for a plebiscite. The row was one of several to destabilise his leadership. Photograph: Lukas Coch/EPA

In October, Croome made clear that the parliamentary strategy was being finessed, not ditched. “We should have a free vote in our parliament, and if there is a plebiscite it should be fair and uncomplicated,” he told supporters in an email.

“Whichever path we go down, the key to success is having a majority of MPs who support marriage equality. That is why we are focusing on local community campaigns to persuade undecided MPs to back reform.”

A big fear for marriage equality campaigners is that the No campaign will run negative advertising, stigmatising gay people and fanning homophobia. It’s a spectre that is brought up by multiple speakers, including Lazarus, in Ipswich. Opinion polls consistently suggest Australians support marriage equality, but the plebiscite question has yet to be framed and parliament’s attitude to that vote has yet to be properly established. Even if the vote goes the campaign’s way, there are concerns that it will come at the cost of dividing people.

Recently the Australian Christian Lobby, which opposes marriage equality, asked supporters to find $200,000 to defend traditional marriage.

“Your support today will help ACL build a $200,000 ‘war chest’ so we can get the message out, resource our team to present a voice for marriage, and equip churches for grassroots actions,” the email to supporters said.

The Australian fight for marriage equality has been one of the longest in the world. It is a compliment of sorts that the campaign has become so professional, so focused, so strategic. The passionate intensity of the cause can flame out if required to burn over the course of years. Marriage equality in Australia has been a live issue for more than 10 years and, so the campaign’s leaders calculate, a different quality of activism is needed – cool, deliberate and focused on the long game.

Croome reels them off, the leadership found wanting: “Nothing from Rudd, Gillard, Abbott.”

Now he has Turnbull, Bill Shorten and Richard di Natale of the Greens all supporting marriage equality. But still no change.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Shortly after Malcolm Turnbull took over as prime minister, activists gathered in Sydney for a rally for marriage equality to urge him not to delay a vote. Photograph: Brendon Thorne/Getty Images

“In that environment we always have a new path forward, if a federal law is blocked, going through the states, if a state law is blocked – vice versa. We are always bubbling along,” Croome insists.

Indeed there are aspects of AME’s plan A that can easily be adapted to plan B; and in the AME strategy there are lessons for other single-issue groups. Act more like a lobby group – an insider rather than outsider – recruit people of influence inside the chamber to support your bill, have a fantastic website and a responsive, well-managed Facebook page, invest in research and polling, make story-telling central to your message, be bipartisan, make friends with corporate Australia, and have a movement that is agile but built for endurance.

Being bipartisan, not too radical, not scaring the horses was part of the plan

Other groups have also campaigned for equal marriage, including Equal Love, which holds rallies each August.

In 2012 the activist group GetUp! joined with AME to send 3,000 roses to federal politicians on Valentines Day and hosted a dinner for three same-sex couples with then prime minister Julia Gillard, hoping to persuade her to change her stance.

But AME and GetUp! have quite distinct approaches, Croome says. “GetUp! rely on a big database and they say ‘come and protest or write this letter’.

“Ours was much more targeted: to find highly motivated people to speak to their MP and was quite tailored to the electorate. It was not about mass mobilisation – it was about key influencers who are less likely supporters.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘I am the proud father of a gay son’: Australian parents fight for marriage equality – video

Croome and his team looked at what worked and what didn’t in the US. “Their initial approach was mass mobilisation in places like California – and it failed.”

The lesson was to become more targeted. “You don’t take people’s support for granted,” he says.

Win the middle ground and you win marriage equality is the thinking. In Ireland there was a “Call your granny” campaign targeting young people and their grandparents. In Australia, it is also about reaching out to one potential supporter at a time. In many ways the campaign has been like hand-selling – one town at a time, one MP at a time, one person at a time.

“We’re going to win it one local newspaper at a time,” Croome says at one point.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Corinna Peck (left) and Stacey Cowen celebrate after their marriage in Canberra. Like Ivan Hinton and Chris Teoh, their marriage was annulled by a high court ruling. Photograph: Alan Porritt/AAP

As boring as marriage itself

Hinton-Teoh’s journey from marriage to unmarriage is just one of the complexities and absurdities – real people getting caught in barbed wire erected, then removed, then erected again by courts and the crown. Meanwhile, the rest of the world has galloped past Australia. In June the US supreme court declared same-sex marriage legal, and and in May a referendum produced the same result in Ireland, where a far tighter seam between church and state made the outcome even more stunning.

Hinton-Teoh is philosophical. If Australians are now at risk at being bored to death by the marriage equality debate, that can only be a good thing. If they have a position, he believes it is more likely to be “let’s just get on with it”, mirroring the shrugged-shoulder response of Julie Bishop, who declared that she had “no concerns” about marriage equality.

It’s the victory not of a radical transcendent moment in society, but a move towards a position that seems rational and normal – boring, in fact. Maybe as boring as marriage itself.

“We had to reach the soft supporters and get them in there. That’s what the campaign is about. That’s what we’ve doing in these electorates – and this will be ... key for us,” Croome says.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ivan Hinton-Teoh, Rodney Croome, Warren Entsch, Jill Hammond and Shelley Argent meeting in Entsch’s office in parliament in Canberra. A lot of the campaign’s work at federal level is carried out behind the scenes. Photograph: Mike Bowers for the Guardian

To this end, the AME stopped framing the debate in the political and social language of equality, and started framing it in the emotional language of love.

“Just talking about equality isn’t enough,” Croome says. “Because most heterosexual people don’t understand marriage in terms of equality, they understand it in terms of sacrifice, love, joy, family. These values are also to be found in same-sex relationships.”

Janine Middleton, the chief executive of AME, is a former banker from Sydney’s north shore who favours pearls and neat, sharp suits. She’s been successful in getting corporations and conservatives to support marriage equality – making it more of an insider movement than one for outliers.

“Janine brings with her a way of communicating with a demographic – the corporate sector – that has been really beneficial for us,” Hinton-Teoh says.

Australian Christian Lobby asks donors for war chest to fight marriage equality Read more

The AME corporate support program has at the last count 767 organisations signed up – including big names such as Qantas, Optus, Commonwealth Bank, David Jones, ANZ, Coca-Cola; even groups that might not naturally be associated with such activism, such as the AFL.

AME doesn’t just target the big guns. Ads have been placed in regional newspapers across the country naming local businesses that have come out in support of marriage equality. “These are small businesses in Rocky [Rockhampton], Goulburn, Bunbury, Victor Harbour, and they are all in key electorates where there are Liberal members who we sought to persuade. And we have,” Croome says.

A debate’s tone is no accidental thing. It’s highly calibrated, tested and – to an extent – controlled. AME is framing the marriage equality debate in an inclusive and bipartisan way. The tone could almost be described as conservative.

By pulling the marriage equality movement into the mainstream, organisers of the AME have to be vigilant that supporters stay on message. Burning effigies of Abbott or Turnbull at rallies would only harm the cause, not help it.

“In August there was an international organisation that wanted to come and make a statement about the PM at the time [Abbott] and say stuff at a personal level, and we were able to manage that so that it didn’t happen,” says Hinton-Teoh.

“Our campaign values have always been about positivity and the value of marriage – we didn’t think it was well targeted. One of our campaign strengths has always been built around building relationships – we kept a dialogue open with him [Abbott] and his office.”

But the mainstream success of the movement has also meant there’s pressure in the gay community to be a cheerleader for marriage equality.

It’s really tough to say there are more important issues than marriage equality – but there are other things we need Nic Dorward

Nic Dorward, 33 year-old Sydneysider who identifies as an HIV-positive queer man, wonders if the focus on marriage equality has come at the expense of other issues that affect the LGTBI community.

“When I speak out against this [marriage equality], people write to me and say they don’t feel like they can talk about this because they are betraying the community. It’s really tough to say there are more important issues than marriage equality – but there are other things we need.”

Dorward cites HIV issues and global violence against queer people.

“I am not critiquing the call for marriage, but it’s a long been a part of gay liberation that sense of difference and other, and with the focus on marriage, that is slowly being corroded and moved across to a more heteronormative view.

“I personally have no interest in the initiation of marriage, getting married – from a feminist point of view as well, the way in which marriage is being used by religion and social structures to enforce a form of control over women and people. It’s kind of hijacked this very human biological and passionate response you have when you fall in love with someone – there’s a chemical need to attach yourself to that person forever.”

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Campaigners at a rally for a free vote in marriage equality in Sydney in May. Photograph: Lisa Maree Williams/Getty Images

The gay academic and activist Dennis Altman has also attacked the marriage equality movement. At a public event in Melbourne in 2013 he argued that it was conservative and further marginalised LGBTI people not in long term relationships.

“People being killed in Uganda, people being raped in South Africa because people assume they’re lesbian, men being lured into parks and bashed up in Russia – those are basic human rights [issues]. In Australia if you are in a long-term relationship …you actually have pretty well all those rights.”

Light and a very long tunnel

The crossbench bill to legalise same-sex marriage, backed by Entsch, is still in parliament, but it’s not looking hopeful. Turnbull has not deviated from Abbott’s directive to decide the matter by plebiscite. And so the long road to marriage equality in Australia continues.

Hinton-Teoh says: “People are frustrated because it’s taken so long, there’s a valid frustration of the laboured nature of achieving marriage equality. Every other western nation has moved on.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Julie Bishop told Network Ten’s The Project says she has no ‘absolutely no concerns’ about legalising same-sex marriage.

“But John Berry [United States ambassador to Australia] refers to Australia as the beacon of light for LGBTI rights, and it’s true.

“As we’ve talking about marriage equality for the length of the campaign, we’ve seen enormous reform. I think marriage equality had actually been a mechanism that has carried on a conversation about LGBT people and recognising they are a legitimate part of the community and providing a platform for other discussions.

“We didn’t rally in the streets to achieve removal of 80-odd pieces of legislation that were discriminatory to LGBTI people but, I believe, through sharing our common humanity through the marriage equality movement over the past 11 years, we’ve had a part in building a landscape of respect that helped achieve that,” Hinton-Teoh says.

Changes to laws that once discriminated against same-sex couples include amendments to tax, social security, employment, Medicare, veterans’ affairs, superannuation, workers’ compensation and family law.

The question remains as to whether the campaign can reach a swift, successful conclusion to its core aim. The public will is there – apparently. The will of political leaders is there too – apparently. If Labor wins the next election, the party is committed to a free vote for its MPs on a parliamentary bill and, if that does not pass, a binding vote within four years. If the Liberals win, there should be a plebiscite in the next parliament. Slowly, steadily, the opposition is being eroded.

“It’s incredibly frustrating, but we’ve been there before. I know what it’s like to be almost there and almost lose,” Croome says. “We are going to win this one.”<|endoftext|>- T. Connor (1944)

Inspired by a popular song from the early 20th century.Time would come for roll call,Time for us to part,Darling I'd caress youAnd press you to my heart,And there 'neath that far-off lantern light,I'd hold you tight,We'd kiss good night,My Lili of the Lamplight,My own Lili Marleen.Orders came for sailing,Somewhere over thereAll confined to barrackswas more than I could bearI knew you were waiting in the streetI heard your feet,But could not meet,My Lili of the Lamplight,my own Lili Marleen.Medium: Photoshop and Wacom tabletTime taken: estimated between 20 and 40 hours, spread over several daysReferences: i41.tinypic.com/2lm5ra8.jpg Time for some truth! When I said this was inspired by "Lili Marleen", I lied. In reality it was inspired by the Tintin fanfiction "Homecoming" which you can find on archiveofourown.org and on the Tintin kink meme on dreamwidth.So, yes, there's a Tintin version of this painting - to be precise, a Tintin/Haddock slash version, and you can see it on my fangirl blog: Ruined childhood this way ------------<|endoftext|>I was this close to falling asleep there, but then Dishonored footage landed and my heart-rate spiked. Just a couple of minutes of non-action footage interspersed with Harvey Smith and Raphael Colantino talking about their amazing sounding immersive sim. It’s kind of not saying anything new: you’re a supernatural assassin, a sandbox game that enables the player to explore how they want to play with the magnificent tools, the possession, teleporting, stopping time. But this is the first I’ve heard about the eavesdropping component, where you listen for clues and the game changes your goals. It’s starting to look and sound like a combo of the best bits of BioShock and Hitman. Watch, watch now you fools!

As a companion piece, here’s Alec’s interview with the chaps involved about the insanity of what they’re making.

As is the way of these things, there’s no call yet on when it’s out. I’d hope this is the start of the pre-release hype, and Bethesda don’t really have a lot going on this year, so all signs point to 2012.<|endoftext|>Image copyright Amazon

Amazon.com's bestseller list has been topped by a US political manifesto with a twist - all 266 pages are blank.

Reasons To Vote For Democrats: A Comprehensive Guide contains no words other than page headings and a bibliography.

"You can go cover-to-cover in about 15, 20 seconds," author Michael Knowles, a conservative journalist, told Fox News.

A one-word cover review of the literary phenomenon-cum-political joke simply reads: "Thorough".

The viral popularity of Mr Knowles' $8 (£6.6) paperback page-turner follows days of publicity in conservative media.

"It took a very long time to research this book," said the writer, a journalist for the Daily Wire website.

"When I observed their record and reasons to vote for them - on reasons of economics or foreign policy or homeland security or civil rights and so on - I realised it was probably best to just leave all the pages blank."

Among the more than 1,200 mostly sarcastic reviews on Amazon, one purchaser noted: "If Democrats copied and pasted the contents of this book into their national platform they could become unstoppable."

Another wrote that "even my 2 year old can now understand the benefits of liberalism", adding that it had now become "her favorite book to scribble in".

The self-published work follows a similar work on the opposite end of the political spectrum.

Why Trump Deserves Trust, Respect and Admiration, with 206 blank pages, debuted in November. That political tome currently also has a 4.5 out of 5 star rating on Amazon.

"Despite years of research, we could not find anything to say on this subject, so please feel free to use this book for notes," the description of the book reads.<|endoftext|>WASHINGTON (AP) - The Latest on sexual misconduct allegations against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore (all times local):

8:45 p.m.

Republican Roy Moore is touting President Donald Trump’s near-endorsement of him in a new fundraising email to supporters.

The Republican Senate candidate from Alabama sent out a fundraising appeal Wednesday night touting Trump’s criticisms of Democrat Doug Jones.

Trump referenced Jones on Tuesday when he told reporters, “We don’t need a liberal person in there.”

While Trump has not officially sided with Moore, he noted that Moore has denied the accusations of sexual misconduct against teens.

Trump said, “Roy Moore denies it, that’s all I can say.”

Moore tells supporters in his fundraising appeal, “I appreciate Donald Trump for defending my honor and my character.”

__

6 p.m.

The Democrat in Alabama’s Senate race is spotlighting Republican Roy Moore’s accusers in a new ad.

The ad, run by Doug Jones‘ campaign, shows the photographs of the women who have accused Moore of sexually assaulting or molesting them, or pursuing romantic relationships with them when they were teens while he was in his 30s.

The announcer in the ad says, “they were girls when Roy Moore immorally pursued them.” It ends with the line, “Will we make their abuser a U.S. senator?”

Moore has denied the accusations. He has said he never dated underage women and never engaged in sexual misconduct.

___

5:45 p.m.

Alabama Senate candidate Roy Moore’s campaign spokesman has resigned.

Campaign chairman Bill Armistead says John Rogers has resigned as communications director. Armistead says the campaign appreciated “his valuable contributions to our team.”

Hannah Ford, the deputy campaign manager, is taking over press duties. Rogers confirmed to the Associated Press that he has resigned.

Moore’s campaign has been hit with accusations that Moore, as a deputy district attorney in his 30s, sexually assaulted or molested two teens and sought romantic relationships with several other teens.

Moore has denied the allegations.

Moore’s campaign has taken an aggressive tone in the press in recent days. In a press conference Tuesday, campaign strategist Dean Young and others lashed out at the news media and called the accusations “lies.”

__

12:25 p.m.

A group supporting Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore despite sexual misconduct allegations against him is fundraising off President Donald Trump’s near endorsement.

An email from Solution Fund PAC with the subject line “Giving thanks for YOU and OUR PRESIDENT!” notes Trump’s “last words before leaving the White House to celebrate Thanksgiving” included “strong words of support for Roy Moore.”

Trump all but endorsed Moore as he departed Washington on Tuesday. He discounted the sexual assault allegations and insisted repeatedly that voters must not support Moore’s “liberal” rival.

Two women have accused Moore of sexually assaulting or molesting them decades ago, when he was in his 30s and they were 14 and 16. At least five others have said he pursued romantic relationships when they were teenagers and he was an assistant district attorney. Moore denies the allegations.

___

10:45 a.m.

Two Republican groups say they have no plans to support embattled Alabama Republican Senate nominee Roy Moore after President Donald Trump all but endorsed him.

Officials with the Republican National Committee and the National Republican Senatorial Committee said Wednesday the organizations have made no changes in their decision to withdraw financial and field support from Moore’s campaign.

The groups withdrew their support earlier this month following a series of allegations that Moore sexually assaulted and harassed teenage girls when he was an assistant district attorney in his 30s. He is now 70.

Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has called on Moore to step aside.

Trump referenced Moore’s Democratic opponent, Doug Jones, on Tuesday when he said: “We don’t need a liberal person in there.”

The special election is Dec. 12.

___

3:05 a.m.

President Donald Trump is discounting accusations of sexual misconduct against Alabama Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore, telling voters not to support his “liberal” rival.

Trump spoke to reporters Tuesday at the White House before leaving for a Thanksgiving break at his Florida estate. He says of the Alabama race: “We don’t need a liberal person in there.”

Six women have accused Moore of pursuing romantic relationships with them when they were teenagers and he was an assistant district attorney in his 30s. Two have accused him of assault or molestation. Moore has denied the allegations.

Of the accusations, Trump says that Moore “denies it.”

The president says he’ll announce next week whether he will campaign for Moore, who faces Democrat Doug Jones in a Dec. 12 special election.

Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.<|endoftext|>Digitized farms are the wave of the future, with robots and facial recognition software for cows as essential as tractors and plows.

Image: iStock/Michael Wick, Getty Images

Cows and robots go together. Throw in facial recognition software, and it's the perfect trifecta.

This is because cows are happier when they are not around people, since they identify humans as predators. Using facial recognition software to count a herd, or signal when a cow is sick or injured or not eating, is another way to keep humans out of the pastures as much as possible and keep cows happier and more productive.

"No prey animal never wants to see a predator. The less they see the happier they are. A cow doesn't know what a robot is, so they aren't scared of it," said David Hunt, co-founder of Cainthus, a company digitizing agricultural practices, speaking at an Alltech conference in Lexington, Ky.

Digital farms can include robots, but Cainthus has also created facial recognition software that identifies cows so that farmers can identify potential problems in the early stages. With 1.4 billion cows on the planet, this is technology that can be applied to many farms as part of the digital dairy concept.

Going digital on the farm

A digital dairy is a farm that is information enabled with searchable queries available in real time from a smart

device with data flows. Cainthus' facial recognition software is in the beta stage and will be available on the market in August or September this year, Hunt said. It is targeted for dairies with 2,000 or more cows, not for small dairy famers. The 4K camera can identify any cow, whether solid colored or spotted, since even a solid colored black cow has variations in its coat.

By using facial recognition software, "you know what is going on with every cow in your dairy at every second at the day," and this helps monitor their milk production, Hunt said.

Future robotic intervention is also essential. "For me, the best cow farm in the world is the one a human never has to go into. And they only way we're going to change that is if we use robots to intervene," he said.

Annual losses to farmers

The annual cost to the U.S. combined dairy and feedlot industry is $8.7 billion lost to lameness, because cows produce less milk when lame because they're eating less and are losing weight. The facial recognition software allows farmers to identify lameness in the first stage. With non-digitized farms, 30% of cows going lame are not identified until stages 3 or 4, when production value is already lost, Hunt said.

"When you're farming at scale it's extremely difficult to notice. When you notice lameness early, you just clean the hoof and sterilize it and it's done," he said.

"All the analytics we do pretty much justify the cost of the entire system. The single biggest cost saving is lameness," he said. It costs a farmer an average of $241 per animal when lameness strikes, and the facial recognition software is $10 per cow.

As farmers look for ways to digitize dairies, wearables for cows aren't a feasible option because of the inherent problems such as cost and a high failure rate. "Cows don't really like wearing them and they don't like having things shoved down their ears. It's also questionable how accurate the data is from wearables," he said.

Complex cow behavior

"What does a digital farm look like? For me it looks very much like your farms today except with more cows," Hunt said.

The first step of creating a digital farm is using facial recognition software. It notices when a cow is feeding, and when it is not. It also works at night, when most cows eat. It also includes aggression gesture recognition. "Cows fight far more than we realize and the impact of those fights are significant," he said.

"My principal thing is that Gary Larson is right. Cows are far more behaviorally complex than we realize," Hunt said, citing The Far Side creator, who frequently used cows as his comic subjects.

"We are predators to them. They are prey animals," he said. "Cow management is a 24-hour job. Cows are very active at night, even if we're not. Many times we've seen cows clear the entire feeding trough in the first three hours the farmer has put that down and they don't eat the rest of the night. To improve our efficiencies we need to start managing cows on their schedule rather than our schedule."

And then there's the aggression issue. "We didn't plan on building a cow fight odometer," he said. But they realized that a cow fight monitor needed to be included because cows stop eating and watch the fight and leave the trough whenever a fight breaks out. Many of the fights are over the most choice bits of food.

This indicates that farmers should breed for passivity and provide more nutrient-rich food, and those changes will increase milk production.

"We like to think we're going to find a lot more of this as the technology develops. The rule of thumb with vision technology is if a human can see something then a camera can see it earlier and more consistently. We're going to be able to see more and more with this and it will be cheaper and cheaper to apply it."

See also:

Steve Wozniak on artificial intelligence, virtual reality and his favorite new tech

The key to human-robot relationships is vocalization, says Carnegie Mellon

We can't prevent AI changing the world but we can stop robots cooking cats<|endoftext|>Ethereum Coin Is on the Verge of an Epic Breakout

The insatiable appetite for cryptocurrencies is actually quite astonishing, and the mere fact that Bitcoin continues to defy the laws of gravity is a testament to this.

I am focusing on ETH now because I have reason to believe that the current appetite for cryptocurrencies is going to increase, and it will trigger a frenzy of buying that will take Ethereum coin to mind-blowing heights.

These beliefs are centered around the price action on the Ethereum coin price chart and the technical price pattern that is currently in development.

Examining a price chart is known as technical analysis, and it is based on the notion that an asset’s price carries momentum and that, therefore, it trends over time. As a result, historical price and volume data can be used to forecast what the future may bring.

Advertisement

I have been using this method for nearly two decades, and one of my favorite patterns is currently in development on the Ethereum price chart. This pattern ranks among my favorites because it also happens to be one of the most powerful ones.

The Technical Price Pattern

The following Ethereum price chart illustrates the technical price pattern that is currently in development.

Chart courtesy of TradingView.com

This price chart illustrates that a triangle pattern is currently in development. These patterns arise due to the price action that is characterized by a sequence of lower highs and higher lows.

The trend lines are created by connecting this sequence of highs and lows, and they serve to define the converging levels of price support and price resistance, which define this pattern.

The converging levels between price support and price resistance are the reason why triangles are particularly powerful patterns. As the pattern develops, the confinement of space between support and resistance causes energy to be stored within the pattern.

Support currently resides at $295.00, while resistance resides at $380.00, and this stored energy will finally be released when the price musters enough strength to either break above resistance or fall below support.

Also Read:

Ethereum Price Prediction 2018: $1,000 Is Our Ethereum Price Target

Hold on to Ethereum for the Long Term

The size and scope of the pattern is directly related to the reaction that can be expected to follow. Recently, there have been six changes of direction within the triangle. A breakout is imminent because these patterns usually resolve themselves once the triangle is 70% complete, and this criterion has just been fulfilled.

I am expecting a very large reaction to occur once this pattern is resolved, and it is based on the constructive price action that is highlighted on the following Ethereum price chart.

Chart courtesy of TradingView.com

This Ethereum coin price chart has been annotated in order to highlight the constructive price action that has defined the bullish advance in this cryptocurrency.

Constructive price action consists of a series of impulse waves and consolidation waves that are responsible for creating and sustaining a trend.

The wave highlighted in green is the impulse wave, and it captures the period in a bullish trend when an asset’s price stages a sustained move toward higher prices.

The wave highlighted in purple is the consolidation wave, and it captures the period in a bullish trend when the asset price refrains from staging an advance and instead creates the necessary conditions for a new advancing impulse wave to develop.

The consolidation wave that is highlighted in purple is the same triangle pattern that was highlighted on the previous chart. Once the Ethereum coin price closes above resistance, which currently resides at $380.00, it will indicate that the wave pattern is complete, implying that a new advancing impulse wave is set to follow.

Ethereum Coin Price Forecast

The great thing about constructive price action is, not only does it suggest the direction that a price is heading in, it can be used to forecast a potential price target.

There are two ways to generate this potential price target, and I am choosing the method called a parabolic extension because it is more consistent with assets that are exhibiting bubble-esque trading characteristics—which is what I currently believe the cryptocurrency market is exhibiting.

This method involves taking the log-based length of the initial impulse wave and extrapolating that value from the base of the consolidation wave. I have included this projected wave onto the Ethereum coin price chart, and it is suggesting that a move toward $9,000.00 is a possibility. I have chosen to use a $6,000.00+ target as an objective because I feel that it is both conservative and ludicrous at the same time.

Let me reiterate that the $6,000.00+ target is contingent on a successful break above resistance, which currently resides at $380.00.

Analyst Take:

I am watching the development of a technical price pattern currently on the Ethereum coin price chart because I believe it will determine when this cryptocurrency is set to make its next move. I have the inclination to believe that this pattern will resolve itself in a bullish manner and that much higher prices will follow. I can foresee $6,000.00+ as a possible price objective, and it is based on a method known as a parabolic extension.<|endoftext|>CLOSE Nursing home workers at The Palms in Palm Bay and Vista Manor in Titusville will strike April 14. Jessica Saggio, FLORIDA TODAY

Healthcare workers advocate for a $15 per hour wage. (Photo: Courtesy 1199 SEIU Florida)

Nursing home workers at two facilities in Brevard have plans to go on strike for 24 hours starting April 14.

Certified nursing assistants at Vista Manor in Titusville and The Palms Rehabilitation and Healthcare Center in Palm Bay say enough is enough when it comes to negotiating wages and they've been pushed to the point of striking. Employees say they are hoping to increase wages to $15 per hour for CNA positions.

Both facilities are part of a bigger umbrella company, Consulate Health Care, which responded on behalf of Vista Manor and The Palms. The company has more than 200 health care centers in 21 states. Nineteen of those facilities are in Florida, employing about 1,100 nursing home workers. Workers are able to join 1199 SEIU Florida union, which is backing the strike.

Jennifer Trapp, Consulate Health Care vice president of corporate communications, released a statement on behalf of the company Tuesday:

"We remain committed to negotiating fairly and in the best interest of our employees, while maintaining our focus on providing the highest quality care possible to our residents. Despite the potential of a strike, our care center operations will remain unaffected, as resident and patient care continues to be our primary focus."

The strikes will take place outside the facilities for a 24-hour period, said Bridget Montgomery, a CNA from Vista Manor.

It's a wage discrepancy, she said. CNAs must have schooling and credentials and they still make low wages, she said, adding that starting pay at Vista Manor is $8.75 an hour.

"We’re actually making less than some fast food workers and we’re making less than some grocery store workers," said Montgomery.

In Florida, minimum wage is $8.05.

CNAs take care of the elderly in their facilities emotionally, physically and spiritually, she said.

"To me, it's not just a fight for Consulate workers. To me, it's just taking away the American dream. A lot of Americans don’t want to deal with politics, they just want to work and take care of their families and, most importantly, pay their bills and pay them on time," said Montgomery. "With the wages are now, people can't afford that and I believe $15 can actually bring that dream back to some."

Rochelle Salcedo, a CNA at The Palms, said she decided to work with the elderly because she considers it a "calling from God." At The Palms since 2001, Salcedo said she's almost making $15 but many of her colleagues are not.

"I’m making 50 cents less than $15 and I’m still struggling," she said. "But what about those people that are making $8 and $9? It inspired me to go on strike in support of it."

The strike will take place at all 19 Consulate Health Care facilities throughout the state and will intentionally begin a day before National Fight for 15 Day (April 15). Workers across the United States in a variety of industries have been pushing to raise the minimum wage to $15.

Contact Saggio at 321-242-3664, JSaggio@FloridaToday.com or follow @JessicaJSaggio on Twitter. Instagram: JessicaJSaggio Snapchat: JuhJuhJuh

Read or Share this story: http://on.flatoday.com/1MSRRJ9<|endoftext|>Review: 'Orphan Black' Season 3, Episode 9, 'Insolvent Phantom of Tomorrow': In Which We Head to London

PREVIOUSLY: Review: ‘Orphan Black’ Season 3, Episode 8, ‘Ruthless in Purpose and Insidious in Method’: Rachel Makes a Power Move

Cloning Around

The penultimate episode brought us to good old London

town, where Mrs. S took center stage. She wasted no time in calling up her old

contacts (the geriatric wankers club, to be sure) in an attempt to track down

the Castor original, while back home Helena and Cosima took action with some

dire consequences. For an episode that was supposed to bring in next week’s

season-ender there was lots of movement, some answers, and a twist that felt

entirely too convenient for the story.

Science Class

For anyone who has ever wondered about Mrs. S’s

past, they got it in abundance when it was revealed her mother – who also

happened to have an ingested twin brother – was not only the Castor original

but the Leda original as well. Sure, that makes the Leda and Castor siblings

actual, bona fide siblings (fraternal twin clones, perhaps?) but the

compounding scientific anomalies in this show are starting to make our heads

hurt. Add in the fact that the donor was Mrs. S’s mom and the twist hit a

little too close to home. Having an outsider (a real outsider, not an estranged

parent) would have made more sense and felt less contrived. Also, does this

mean Mrs. S and Sarah are sisters?

Tortured Soul

There was plenty of torture to go around in the

episode as well, thanks to the reappearance of Ferdinand in London (poor

Terrence, we barely knew you), but it was also present on the home front.

Delphine, who looked like she enjoyed torturing Rachel with the old

fingers-in-the-eye routine earlier on this season, picked up the torture torch

(or more precisely, razor), again in a bid to extract answers from Shay. She

seemed almost disappointed when Cosima called to break up the party, like she

was genuinely going to enjoy getting to hurt the girl.

Double Crossed… Again

Just when we were starting to trust Gracie, she went

and ruined it all. We knew there was something up the moment she told Alison

she had a doctor’s appointment, although in our heads she was blowing dodge and

believed Mark to be dead. Instead she pulled a power move of her own by giving

information to Castor to help Mark. You can’t blame her; the girl does still

love him, and she seemed genuinely sad to be betraying Helena, Cosima and the

like. But boy, she sure seems to have easily forgotten and forgiven the fact

that Mark sterilized her, huh?

Unlikely Friends

Helena and Donnie Hendrix deserve their own spinoff,

or at the very least a web series. The pair added a heartwarming comedic

element to an otherwise dark episode, despite the murderous rampage that Helena

happened to go on at the end. Even that was forgivable, because in one swift

move she managed to extract the Hendrixes from their drug business, separate

ties with Jason and solve all of their financial woes. Besides, Helena’s

penchant for children is what makes her so endearing in the first place — that,

and her ability to sometimes act like one herself. Plus it was fun to watch her

attempt to impersonate another clone (Alison). She wasn’t great at it, but hey

– it worked. We just wish we could have seen her actually take everyone

out.

Lab Results

Although there were fun moments (Mrs. S taking the

stage, good times with Helena and Donnie), this week was a rather dark

installment that happened to take a strange turn heading into next week. The

cliffhanger of Mrs. S holding a gun to her mother’s head didn’t feel like a

cliffhanger at all (unless you believe she wouldn’t

kill dear old mum), and despite Ferdinand being hot on Sarah’s trail the only

real moment of suspense came when Felix was standing guard outside. Over at

Camp Castor we saw that even Rudy could succumb to the disease, but given how

little time we’ve spent with the male clones this back half of the season, it

was hard to care. Heading into next week’s finale, here’s hoping that some of

these random streams begin to flow together, and that the two organizations can

find a way to co-exist.

Quote of the Week

“They told me I can help save Mark. I’m sorry.

I love him.”

Good luck with that, Gracie.

Grade: C

“Orphan Black” airs

Saturday at 9 p.m. ET on Space and BBC America. Next time: Season 3 wraps and

Krystal resurfaces.

READ MORE: 5 Things You Might Not Know About ‘Orphan Black’ and Tatiana Maslany

Sign Up: Stay on top of the latest breaking film and TV news! Sign up for our Email Newsletters here.<|endoftext|>Three Georgia Tech hackers have revealed how to hack iPhones and iPads with malware imitating ordinary apps in under sixty seconds using a "malicious charger."

Today at a Black Hat USA 2013 press conference, the researchers revealed for the first time exactly how the USB charger they built can compromise iOS devices in less than a minute.

Billy Lau, Yeongjin Jang and Chengyu Song showed how they made an ordinary looking charger into a malicious vector for transmitting malware using an open source BeagleBoard, available for $125 (similar to a Raspberry Pi).

For the demonstration, the researchers used an iPhone. They plugged in the phone, and when the passcode was entered, the sign-code attack began.

For the demo, the Facebook app was used as an example.

Within seconds of plugging in the charger, the Facebook app was invisibly removed from the device and seamlessly replaced with a Facebook app imitation with a malicious payload.

The app's icon was in the exact same spot as it was before the attack - there is no way of knowing the application is not malware.

The researchers said that all the user needs to do to start the attack is enter their passcode - they pointed out that this is a pattern of ordinary use, such as to check a message while the phone is charging.

Once the app was launched, the malware was launched and the phone was compromised - and could do things such as take screenshots when other passwords are entered, send a spoofed screen, and more.

In this manner, depending on what payload the attacker has put on the fake app, sensitive data could be accessed and compromised in a variety of ways.

The researchers found malicious ways to call and use the private API; the attack works on physical weaknesses, and operates on all versions of iOS, stock (up to the beta developer version of 7, which is the only version that Apple has patched).

The operating system used for the attack is Linux, and the researchers acknowledged that someone could easily use a Raspberry Pi instead of a BeagleBoard.

No root permission is accessed for the attack.

The targeted iOS device does not need to be jailbroken in order for the attack to be successful. It only needs to be plugged in to the innocuous seeming, but poisoned, iOS charger.

The Mactans charger is no longer a charger, but its own little computer - running custom software that immediately cracks and infects any attached Apple gadget; Mactans can install software unknown to the user.

Details of the vulnerability, something the researchers held back on disclosing until now, will be described in more deatil in researchers' Black Hat talk today, "Mactans: Injecting Malware Into iOS Devices Via Malicious Chargers."

The researchers disclosed the attack and vulnerability to Apple, but it appears that Apple hasn’t addressed or fixed the issue for versions prior to 7 (beta, developer release) - the hackers had previously stated they refused to reveal details until their Black Hat presentation.

The venomous iOS charger is called "Mactans" - Latin name for the virulent and pernicious Black Widow spider.

The researchers explained,

Mactans was built with [a] limited amount of time and a small budget, we also briefly consider what more motivated, well-funded adversaries could accomplish.

The researchers contacted Apple - and Apple has patched iOS 7 to prevent the attack. Currently, all other versions are vulnerable.

Needless to say, iPhone, iPad and other iOS device users will want to be sure not to leave their chargers laying around - or use any "community" chargers from here on out.

Mactans: Injecting Malware into iOS Devices via Malicious Chargers will be presented today, July 30, in room Augustus 3/4 at 5:00 pm.

UPDATE Wednesday July 1, 8:50 pm: In a late evening announcement Apple stated it will be fixing the vulnerability in the Fall release of its iOS 7 update. Apple has not specified a date for the fix. This means devices are vulnerable to the attack until the release, as are all previous versions of the OS. The issue has only been fixed in the beta version of 7, released to developers.<|endoftext|>Modi government completes its third year in office +

India’s recent decision to skip the much-hyped ‘Belt & Road Forum’ +

CPEC +

NEW DELHI: By doing foreign policy differently — as the— India has challenged conventional thinking even though the effects of these actions in the longer term still need to be assessed.Working backwards chronologically,(BRF) in Beijing, was contrary to India’s traditional reluctance to publicly confront China’s hegemonic ambitions.India clearly articulated objections to OBOR and(China-Pakistan economic corridor) on the basis of sovereignty. India laid out why it believed OBOR to be exploitative, colonial in its lack of transparency and the way it created unsustainable debt in “partner” countries and caused environmental damage.While some nations were gearing up to praise China’s massive utilisation of excess capacities, India’s reaction proved to be a dampener for the Chinese.For some in India, signing up for OBOR would have been less painful, and apparently pragmatic. The Modi government concluded its unusual reaction was in keeping with India’s traditional opposition to China-Pakistan activities in POK. And that going by Sri Lanka’s experience and perhaps even Pakistan’s, the openly mercantilist policies of China need to be publicly opposed.As it turned out, the EU too backed away from a trade statement using similar arguments. Political ties with China have gone steadily downhill in the past couple of years, though interestingly FDI from China has risen significantly in the Modi years.China has emerged as one of the fastest-growing sources of FDI into India — it was 17th largest in 2016, up from the 28th in 2014 and 35th in 2011.Matters have not been helped by China stymying India’s bid for NSG membership and protecting Pakistan-based Jaish terrorist Masood Azhar from sanctions. Early this year, foreign secretary S Jaishankar promised China would get a lot more attention from India, in order to put the relationship back on the rails.The two countries continue working together on some areas, but the promise held out when Chinese President Xi Jinping and Modi swung gently on a Gujarati swing in 2014, has dissipated.India has paid much greater attention to its near neighbourhood, sans Pakistan. Bangladesh has been the template for a new kind of engagement. While neighbours traditionally get a large chunk of Indian assistance, it was largely unstructured.India has now decided to focus on around 20 visible projects for Bangladesh, which will utilise the $4.5 billion in LOC assistance. India will follow a similar approach in Sri Lanka, which recently saw a second Modi visit. India has also worked hard to create a Saarc minus Pakistan, in order to beat its clasp on India’s neighborhood outreach.In 2016, the BRICS summit saw the revival of BIMSTEC, while a sub-regional cooperation initiative, BBIN, is slowly coming together, creating transport and power networks in the east.Earlier this month, India launched the south Asia satellite that signalled cooperation without a direct quid pro quo. One of Modi’s signature initiatives has been westwards, in his new ‘Link West’ policy, to mirror the ‘Act East’.As Modi prepares to travel to Israel, his visit comes as virtually the last stop after unexpectedly intense engagement with the UAE, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Iran, in addition to Oman.Strong economic imperatives, infrastructure investment and India’s desire to play a greater security role over shared concerns over threats like the terror group IS drive India’s outreach. This is also intended to wean these nations away from Pakistan as India peddles a “better narrative”.The India-Pakistan relationship is in deep freeze, with little daylight visible. Again, Modi used surprise as a tactical weapon. After a series of terror attacks against Indian defence installations from across the border, India retaliated with surgical strikes on terror launch-pads in POK.The upfront announcement of the strikes highlighted a “proactive” stance on terror. To Pakistan, India signalled that the calculus of terror under a nuclear umbrella would not work. India made its response unpredictable and raised Pakistan’s costs.On August 15, from the Red Fort ramparts, Modi uttered the forbidden “B”-word, speaking of the “oppression” of the people of Balochistan.Pakistan choked in anger and later arrested Kulbhushan Jadhav, a former Navy man, as an alleged spy. After a military court announced a death sentence on Jadhav, India adopted a creative and bold approach — upending decades of conventional wisdom yet again by going to the International Court of Justice and pulling off a vital win.<|endoftext|>A 16-year-old Union High School student has been charged with distributing pictures of a teacher from the teacher's cellphone, according to the Union Public Safely Department. The teenager is charged with computer crimes and aggravated voyeurism, police said. Teacher Leigh Anne Arthur said she left her phone on her desk Monday while she was patrolling a hallway in the Career and Technology Center at Union County High School during a class change.To watch Arthur's interview and read her story, click HERE.She said the 16-year-old boy took her phone and used his own phone to take pictures of an image on Arthur’s phone of her in a sexy pose. Arthur told investigators she took the picture to send to her husband for Valentine’s Day. The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division confirmed that the pictures that the teen took from the phone were stored in his phone in a pass code-protected file that contained other pictures that were sexual in nature. To read release from superintendent that blames Arthur for incident, click hereThousands of students and others have signed an online petition pushing for Arthur to be reinstated.“After being escorted off of school property, we (the students) are left to believe that she has been forced to, or given little choice but to resign. Mrs. Arthur has not only shown tremendous dedication to her students, but also the mechatronics program itself, often reaching out to local businesses and colleges to get materials that would not normally be available for the class," students said.The teenager is in the Department of Juvenile Justice Center in Columbia. Arthur has said that she isn't sure she would want her job back.

A 16-year-old Union High School student has been charged with distributing pictures of a teacher from the teacher's cellphone, according to the Union Public Safely Department.

The teenager is charged with computer crimes and aggravated voyeurism, police said.

Advertisement

Teacher Leigh Anne Arthur said she left her phone on her desk Monday while she was patrolling a hallway in the Career and Technology Center at Union County High School during a class change.

To watch Arthur's interview and read her story, click HERE.

She said the 16-year-old boy took her phone and used his own phone to take pictures of an image on Arthur’s phone of her in a sexy pose. Arthur told investigators she took the picture to send to her husband for Valentine’s Day.

The South Carolina Law Enforcement Division confirmed that the pictures that the teen took from the phone were stored in his phone in a pass code-protected file that contained other pictures that were sexual in nature.

To read release from superintendent that blames Arthur for incident, click here

Thousands of students and others have signed an online petition pushing for Arthur to be reinstated.

“After being escorted off of school property, we (the students) are left to believe that she has been forced to, or given little choice but to resign. Mrs. Arthur has not only shown tremendous dedication to her students, but also the mechatronics program itself, often reaching out to local businesses and colleges to get materials that would not normally be available for the class," students said.

The teenager is in the Department of Juvenile Justice Center in Columbia.

Arthur has said that she isn't sure she would want her job back.

AlertMe<|endoftext|>CLEVELAND ― The GOP on Tuesday successfully drafted a platform ― a statement of its core values and principles ― but not before some last-minute drama played out behind the scenes over its refusal to moderate its tone toward lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender individuals.

Over the course of two days, the GOP’s platform committee repeatedly rejected efforts to temper the party’s stance on controversial issues like gay adoption, same-sex marriage, abortion and the use of public restrooms.

Proponents of a more inclusive approach urged their colleagues to stop alienating voters and join the 21st century. A delegate from the District of Columbia, the first openly gay delegate on the GOP platform committee, fought back tears as she pleaded with her fellow colleagues to accept a more neutral position on gay marriage.

By Tuesday evening, however, the effort had failed ― at least in committee.

Those who favored a more neutral stance on social issues instead decided on a new approach. They threw their support behind an unrelated proposal to adopt a much shorter statement of principles modeled after the 1860 GOP platform, which came to be known as the “minority report.” The last time a minority report passed in the platform committee was during the 1976 GOP convention, when President Gerald Ford narrowly staved off a challenge by Ronald Reagan.

Allowing such a scenario to occur again would have surely put GOP divisions on further display and embarrassed the Republican National Committee.

This year’s proposed minority report, which ran only three pages, was authored by Utah delegate Boyd Matheson. Matheson, who is a former chief of staff to Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah), argued the platform ought to consist of more general principles in order to unify the party. The 2012 GOP platform, for example, had grown to a lengthy 33,000 words.

By the time the committee gaveled out of session Tuesday evening, Matheson’s proposed minority report had garnered nearly 40 signatures. It needed only 28 signatures to pass.

But when Matheson faced the microphones at a later press conference, it quickly became clear he had a change of heart. The delegate from Utah accused “strident voices who have an agenda” of “hijacking” his proposed minority report.

“I have removed my name from the report. I won’t be part of this divisive effort,” Matheson declared, announcing he had urged other committee members to follow suit.

When asked whether the vague “voices” he had cited were the delegates who supported moderating the platform on LGBT rights, Matheson was immediately interrupted by RNC staffers, who shouted over reporters attempting to ask further questions and hurried Matheson out of the room.

“It seems clear the RNC put the screws to Matheson and his own language,” one GOP platform committee member, who declined to be named, told The Huffington Post.

The unusual turn of events ― Matheson’s appearance at the press conference was not announced by RNC staff until moments before he took the stage ― further hinted at the lengths the GOP was willing to go to keep pro-LGBT language out of the party platform.

Earlier in the day, committee members voted down an amendment that recognized LGBT individuals as targets of radical Islamic terrorism. They also rejected an amendment making clear LGBT people were targeted in a horrific shooting at a nightclub in Orlando.

Ben Marchi, a GOP delegate from Maryland, claimed LGBT-friendly delegates tricked some of their colleagues into signing the minority report. New Hampshire delegate Steve Stepanek echoed those remarks, telling HuffPost he was told the document was simply a “resolution” in support of a shorter GOP platform ― which is exactly what it was.

“This sets your guys’ fight back. You just did yourself no favors with the next generation,” Marchi said, suggesting proponents of a more inclusive approach on LGBT rights had erred in their approach.

But D.C. delegate Rachel Hoff, who had unsuccessfully urged her colleagues to accept a more neutral position on gay marriage, rejected that characterization. In an interview with HuffPost following the committee proceedings, Hoff maintained that she did not ask anyone to sign the minority report under false pretenses.

“I was very clear on what they were signing,” said Hoff, who had approached five of her colleagues. “If anyone didn’t read, then that’s on the individual.”

Indeed, the title of the proposed minority report read: “Resolution By Minority of the Committee on the Platform to Adopt Alternative Platform.”<|endoftext|>First to Last is a biweekly column where the pilot episode and series finale of a TV show are examined. But there’s a catch—the author has never seen a single episode of the show before viewing these two episodes! This week’s show: House, M.D.

House, M.D., unlike Lost or Mad Men, was a show I’d always been interested in (but, y’know, still never bothered to watch). From my understanding, the show is about a brash doctor whose tendency for being sarcastic was matched only by his ability to make successful diagnoses.

I watched two episodes of the program: “Pilot” (2004) and the series finale, “Everybody Dies” (2012). Here are the impressions I’ve gathered:

First off the bat: Dr. Gregory House is clearly a complex and damaged man. “You see that? They all assume I’m a patient because of this cane.” Those are the very first words he utters, so it is safe to assume that his leg (which has gone through muscle death) is the source of his torture. His preoccupation with his disability is likely what robs him of his ability to give a fuck. His arrogance seemingly knows no bounds and is shown to be rough around the edges with his co-workers.

When head oncologist Dr. James Wilson (who we later learn is House’s best friend) asks him to treat a patient who (he claims) is his cousin, House curtly says she’s going to die of a brain tumor, and laments how boring the case is. His relationship is especially strained with his boss Lisa Cuddy, and he gives heavy doses of tough love to his understudies Drs. Allison Cameron, Robert Chase and Eric Foreman. I’d like to note that That ‘70s Show was still on the air when House premiered, but Topher Grace left the cast the following year, as if Fox had decided their network had room for only one Eric Foreman.

Throughout the episode we see House popping pills several times, and a child’s fixation on his bum leg makes him uncomfortable to the point of abruptly leaving the room during a consultation. These things, I’m sure, will be the focus of House’s personal story arc.

House is a man who is most fascinated by the puzzles presented by difficult to crack cases. He may fix the patients, but he is still unable to fix himself. I’m not drawing conclusions here—those things are stated by patients and colleagues in bits of blatant exposition. It was a bit heavy handed, but I suppose I can forgive such an offense from the pilot episode. Will subsequent episodes be as obnoxious with their exposition? I’ll never know, because it’s time to watch the last episode, “Everybody Dies!”

And, oh, man, things have gone downhill for House! In the finale he wakes up in a burning building, is suicidal, and before long he starts hallucinating. This is the most interesting aspect of the episode, and what sets it apart from the pilot: the story is told from House’s point of view, and he quickly proves to be an unreliable narrator, with characters’ dialogue literally being reduced to “blah blah blah” during parts he finds boring.

House hallucinates several people from his past, all of whom help him come to understand himself. It’s all of the blatant exposition of the pilot, yet in the context of House hallucinating, it actually make sense. I like this a lot better. The bulk of the episode focuses on House’s self-actualization, but we do see a few familiar faces. Foreman no longer works for House—House works for him. Also Wilson has cancer, which is bittersweet for an oncologist.

House ultimately decides that he wants to live, but moments later a burning beam collapses from the ceiling. This is really deep and powerful stuff. There’s a funeral, and it’s mostly funeral-y until Wilson snaps and has to remind everybody that House was kind of a big asshole.

And then… House is alive? Ugh. Wilson receives a mysterious text message mid-rant and is next seen meeting with House at an unknown location. House explains that he switched some dental records in order to fake his death, which, to me, is a finale-ruining cop-out.

Wandoo: A type of wood to use when writing if you have said jarrah too many times in that chapter.

Wanker: See Coetzee. Also Kenneally.

Wedge: Wedge Island. A place like dugongs that always seems to need saving. Full of illegal shacks full of wankers who don’t want anyone else to be able to go there.

West End: The architectural hub of Fremantle. A serious cultural rival to London’s. Also, what the tip of Rotto (Rottnest Island) is called.

Whitebait: A very small fish in a big pond. Why chew on these when you can have a big salmon steak? Also the surname of a national treasure.

——————–<|endoftext|>One of the most prominent features of life-size models of Tyrannosaurus rex is its fearsome array of flesh-ripping, bone-crushing teeth.

Until recently, most researchers who studied the carnivore's smile only noted the varying sizes of its teeth. But University of Alberta paleontologist Miriam Reichel discovered that beyond the obvious size difference in each tooth family in T. rex's gaping jaw, there is considerable variation in the serrated edges of the teeth.

"The varying edges, or keels, not only enabled T. rex's very strong teeth to cut through flesh and bone," says Reichel, "the placement and angle of the teeth also directed food into its mouth."

Reichel analyzed the teeth of the entire tyrannosaurid family of meat-eating dinosaurs and found T. rex had the greatest variation in tooth morphology or structure. The dental specialization was a great benefit for a dinosaur whose preoccupation was ripping other dinosaurs apart.

Reichel's research shows that the T. rex's front teeth gripped and pulled, while the teeth along the side of the jaw punctured and tore flesh. The teeth at the back of the mouth did double duty: not only could they slice and dice chunks of prey, they forced food to the back of the throat.

Reichel says her findings add strength to the classification of tyrannosaurids as heterodont animals, which are animals with teeth adapted for different functions depending on their position in the mouth.

One surprising aspect of T. rex teeth, common to all tyrannosaurid's, is that they weren't sharp and dagger-like. "They were fairly dull and wide, almost like bananas," said Reichel. "If the teeth were flat, knife-like and sharp, they could have snapped if the prey struggled violently when T. rex's jaws first clamped down."

Reichel's research was published in The Canadian Journal of Earth Science.<|endoftext|>Russia’s missile cruiser Pyotr Veliky (Peter the Great) along with a Chinese vessel will escort Danish and Norwegian ships taking Syria’s chemical weapons out of the war-torn country, a spokesman for the joint Danish-Norwegian operation has said.

The Russian vessel and a Chinese frigate, Yan Cheng, won't be under Danish-Norwegian command, but will be coordinating closely with the other ships, Maj. Eystein Kvarving said.

"The four ships have now set a course toward a holding area in international water outside Syria, so we are most ready to enter the port of Latakia when the order arrives," he said as quoted by Reuters. In Latakia, the vessels and their warship escorts are to pick up more than 1,000 tons of chemical agents.

Russia’s decision to provide an escort ship for the removal of chemical weapons was initially announced on December 24. In addition to that, 75 armored trucks were delivered to Syria, along with $2 million in funds and other equipment to be used for the destruction of Syria’s chemical weapons arsenal, Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said.

The Danish and Norwegian naval vessels, whose mission is to transport Syria’s deadly material for destruction, are now ready to head for Syrian waters to transport a delayed shipment of chemicals.

It’s the second attempt by the Scandinavian vessels. The first bid was postponed due to security worries, putting the operation behind the schedule approved by the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapon (OPCW). According to the plan, the most dangerous chemical components should have been removed from the country by the end of 2013.

On December 31, the Norwegian and Danish ships were ready to transport Syria's chemical weapons but had to return to their port in Cyprus. The delay was blamed on the poor security situation. On December 20, Islamist rebels started a heated battle near a chemical facility in Syria, the Russian Foreign Ministry said.

However, the OPCW officials themselves remain optimistic about the disarmament plan, saying they see “very strong” progress in the operation and there is "a clear determination by all parties to achieve success."

"This operation is difficult but it's do-able," said Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Arms Control Association. "It's safe and it should be done carefully, and that's more important than doing it quickly."

US vessel setting out ‘within two weeks’ to destroy Syrian chemicals

The Scandinavian group will deliver the hazardous material to the US cargo ship MV Cape Ray, stationed in Italy, after which the load will destroyed in international waters. The actual work could probably be done in 45 days under ideal conditions, but the mission is now expected to last about 90 days because of bad weather, Frank Kendall, US Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology and Logistics, said Thursday.

MV Cape Ray is set to leave for the Mediterranean "within about two weeks,” Kendall added. US authorities decided on November 30 to send the ship.

Two massive hydrolysis units aimed at weapons destruction will neutralize 700 tons of chemical weapons, including mustard gas and sarin, a form of nerve gas, the US Defense Department says.

Though the units had never been tested under conditions at sea, the technology has been used for a decade on US soil, and there is “no mystery about the process," Kendall says.

The chemically altered agents can then be processed by commercial firms that deal with hazardous waste. Seven hundred tons of chemicals, when run through the hydrolysis system, would produce 1.5 million gallons of effluents to be processed by hazardous waste firms, officials said.

The deadly material is expected to be picked right before the Russia-backed Geneva-2 conference which will be held January 22 this year. The peace talks are seen by international powers as the only option that can yield success in resolving the more than two-year-long conflict in Syria.<|endoftext|>This time last year, then Hornets center Al Jefferson was suspended five games for failing a drug test. At the same time, Rajon Rondo was suspended one game for lobbing a homophobic-bomb at a NBA referee. There was something wrong with that bit of NBA justice if you are one to believe in equality. Because what Al Jefferson did was harm himself in private, and what Rajon Rondo did was bring shame onto another person in public. The two situations were vastly different, the crimes didn’t match up, nor did the responses (remorse) after the fact.

When caught red handed Al Jefferson made an eloquent apology, not just to his teammates, but to the fans of Charlotte for supporting him and he pledged to regain their trust. Rondo, when caught, lied that he had been offensive in the first place. Then, when an investigation deeper than the Zapruder film analysis was parsed so a bunch of different angles revealed there was no question what Rondo had said, his denial looked suspiciously like a lie and then he had to reverse course with the apology that wasn’t an apology, the oh so tired I didn’t mean to offend anyone.

Of course not. You just called a referee a f—–, you said it twice, you chased him down just so you could say it again but no harm, no foul, right?

Now Rondo has been suspended again for one game. It’s been a year since his previous suspension and frankly, Rondo has been on his best behavior but what does that really mean? He has been staying in his NBA player lane. He has been cooling it with the I-know-better-than-you, or just the general sulking, pouting and bringing negative energy.

This is who Rondo is so when you bring him onto your team this is what you are going to get. After leaving Boston, Rondo famously got into it with Rick Carlisle who basically kicked Rondo off the team during the playoffs. In Sacramento, Rondo was redeemed. No overly hostile attitude towards George Karl or DeMarcus Cousins. He was suspended by the league, not by the Kings, for his verbal assault upon a referee Bill Kennedy (who is indeed gay but had not made it public then) which doesn’t mean Rondo didn’t go Rondo at times but that the abuse was at a minimum. The Kings are too dysfunctional an organization to keep things hush hush. It would have leaked.

The timing of Rondo’s latest meltdown isn’t really surprising. The Bulls just played the Mavs. The Mavs have the worst record in the league. The Mavs were the team that traded for Rondo, saw the evidence of his non-conformity and petulance and to no one’s amazement (except Mark Cuban obviously), particularly the Celtics and Doc Rivers, it went off the rails pretty quickly. The Mavs ex-communicated Rondo during the playoffs. Go home. Goodbye.

Rondo, on his new team, a playoff team, was back at the scene of the crime on Saturday night, a place where he is viciously hated, almost as much as Lamar Odom, who also signed in Dallas and was less than ordinary. In Saturday night’s game, Rondo was horrible, 25%, 2 assists. No, horrible would be complimentary. He stunk. The Bulls were pummeled into submission.

In his 11th season, Rondo isn’t what he used to be but he still is a starting point guard for a playoff team. No, he can’t throw a penny in the Chicago River- he’s shooting 39.1% on the year. His assists are a nine year low. But he still knows how to orchestrate an offense. And obviously, he still knows how to be Rondo.

He’ll miss the Blazers game tonight and be back for the Pistons in Detroit on Tuesday. If this surprised you, you haven’t been paying attention. The best predictor of future behavior is past behavior.

photo via llananba<|endoftext|>Live 058

http://traffic.libsyn.com/missionloglive/058_-_Discovering_The_Sounds_of_Thunder.mp3 Recapping Season 2 Episode 6 of Discovery, taking calls, and dipping into an interview with Discovery costume designer Gersha Phillips. Be sure to join us live! We’re on the Mission Log Facebook page every Tuesday at 7pm Pacific/10pm Eastern

Tags: Baul, Bo Yeon Kim, Douglas Aarniokoski, Erika Lippoldt, fear, Gersha Phillips, interview, Kaminar, Kelpian, Mission Log Live, neckteeth, Pike, Saru, Star Trek Discovery, Star Trek Discovery Season 2, The Sounds of Thunder, threat ganglia

Related Documents

Blog...

November 22, 2018

To all of our Star Trek Pals, Happy Thanksgiving from John, Ken and Rod. We hope you enjoy a day of fun, friends and family. We’ll chat with you next week when our mission continues…

December 26, 2017

Happy holidays to all of you from all of us at Mission Log: A Roddenberry Star Trek Podcast!

We are off during the week of Christmas, celebrating with friends and family. We hope you all have a joyous time no matter how you ring in the season.

On December 28, we’ll present a short Q&A Supplemental featuring some of your comments and questions. Join us again on Thursday, January 4 when we resume our mission with the TNG episode Emergence. Then join us again on Tuesday, January 9 for the return of Mission Log Live for the latest discoussion of Star Trek Discovery!

Warmest wishes to everyone – and thank you again from John, Ken and Rod for all of your support!

September 25, 2017

Watch the premiere episode of Mission Log Live below! Then join us every Tuesday at our Facebook page for a new live show!

Since 2012, Mission Log has dug deep into the heart of Star Trek episodes analyzing the story elements for morals, meanings and social relevance.

Starting September 26, Roddenberry Entertainment adds a show that puts fans in the captain’s chair. 48 hours after each new Star Trek: Discovery episode, “Mission Log Live” invites you to join hosts John Champion and Ken Ray to share your thoughts on the new series. What was the episode about? What were the morals, messages and meanings? How does this new series fit in to the Star Trek universe?

This time it’s your chance to dig into the series and discover what’s there!

July 28, 2017

It’s convention season again, and that means John and Ken will be on the road!

If you missed San Diego Comic Con this year, on August 3rd we’ll release the audio from Larry “Dr. Trek” Nemecek’s panel featuring four of your favorite Trek podcasters, and we’ll get the latest news on Roddenberry Podcast Network. Special guests: Kayla Iacovino (TrekMovie/Shuttle Pod podcast), Aaron Harvey (TrekFM/Saturday Morning Trek), Lisa Guetzkow (TrekRadio) and John Champion (Mission Log).

Then if you’re coming to Creation Entertainment’s massive Star Trek convention in Las Vegas, you can find John and Ken at the Roddenberry booth all five days along with the hosts and crew from Priority One and Women at Warp podcasts. On Thursday, August 3, be sure to attend the Mission Log panel “TNG 30: Trek in Transition.” As our coverage of TNG comes to a close, we’ll see how the passing of the torch affects the future of Star Trek’s storytelling. (Audio from this panel will be released as a podcast on Thursday, August 10. Mission Log will resume on August 17 with “Gambit, Part I” and “Gambit, Part II.”)

Those arriving in Vegas early be sure to come to the 8th annual “Landing Party” being held at the Masquerade Bar at the Rio Hotel. There will be trivia, prizes, and mingling with your fellow con attendees. Brought to you this year by Roddenberry Podcast Network, Larry Nemecek’s Portal 47, Bye Bye Robot, TrekRadio, TrekMovie and GeekNation Tours.

Finally – if you are in Southern California, make sure you catch The Improvised Generation, a hilarious and completely original improvised show in the style of Star Trek: The Next Generation. We saw their special performance at Comic Con and can enthusiastically recommend it to Trek fans and comedy lovers throughout the Federation. Performances are every Sunday night in August at 7:30pm at the Impro Studio. Follow @ImprovisedGen, and let us know if we’ll see you there for this away mission!

November 23, 2016

Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Your Mission Log crew are taking time this holiday to be with friends and family, and we wish the best of times to everyone of you as well. Your regularly scheduled Mission Log will return next Thursday at 12:00am PST. Remember, no matter where you are, your Star Trek Pals are most of all thankful for you!<|endoftext|>Postseason scenarios: What needs to happen for the Cleveland Indians to come out on top in the wacky AL Wild Card race

Cleveland Indians Blocked Unblock Follow Following Sep 22, 2015

The American League Wild Card scenarios are one big twisted pretzel between Los Angeles, Houston, Minnesota and the Indians, and the Angels have taken the lead in the race for the second Wild Card with seven straight wins, including one over the A’s on Tuesday night. The Indians are five games back with seven to play, and our elimination number is 2 — any combination of two Indians losses and Angels or Astros wins will knock us out.

BUT! We’re not out yet, so let’s delve back into what could happen.

The most games we can win this year is 84. If any team vying for the second spot wins 85 games, we’re mathematically out of it. But…..there’s many things that can happen. We try and explain here — excitedly, because this is fun. This is the third straight year we’ve contended into the final week of the season, so we’re old, wily vets at this by now.

First, if we are a half game behind any team or teams for the second spot after play on Sunday, Oct. 4, we will play our makeup game against the Tigers on Monday, Oct. 5 (rainout from Sept. 12).

So, if we play eight games, here is what we can do and everyone else can do — with Los Angeles and Houston at 83 wins, we have to at least go 6–1.

If we go 7–0, and finish 84–78:

Houston can go 1–3 vs. Seattle and Arizona

Los Angeles can go 1–4 vs. Oakland and Texas

Minnesota can go 3–3

If we go 6–1 and finish 83–79:

Houston would have to go 0–5

Los Angeles would have to go 0–5

Minnesota would have to go 2–4

Here’s where things get wacky. If we’re tied with one other team for the second spot:

After playing makeup game vs. Detroit on Monday, we’d play a tiebreak on Tuesday.

If that tiebreak is against the Angels or Astros, we would host at Progressive Field.

If that tiebreak is against the Twins, we would play at Target Field in Minnesota

If we were to win our makeup game on Oct. 5 to get us into a three-way tie for the second Wild Card spot, the three teams then would be given A, B and C designations. Details:

Determining A, B, C Designations in Three-Team Tiebreakers (When Three Clubs Do Not Have Identical Records Against One Another)

If Club 1 has a better record against Clubs 2 and 3, and Club 2 has a better record against Club 3, then Club 1 chooses its designation, followed by Club 2.

If Club 1 has a better record against Clubs 2 and 3, and Club 2 and 3 have identical records against one another, then Club 1 chooses its designation. Clubs 2 and 3 would follow the two-Club tiebreak rules to break their tie to pick the next designation.

If Club 1 and 2 have identical records against one another, but each has a better record against Club 3, then Clubs 1 and 2 would follow the two-Club tiebreak rules to break their tie to pick the first designation.

If Club 1 has a better record against Club 2, Club 2 has a better record against Club 3, and Club 3 has a better record against Club 1; OR Club 1 has a better record against Club 2, Club 2 and 3 have identical records against one another and Club 3 has a better record against Club 1; OR Club 1 and 2 have identical records against one another, Club 1 has a better record against Club 3 and Club 2 and 3 have identical records against one another, then:

Club 1 has a better record against Club 2, Club 2 and 3 have identical records against one another and Club 3 has a better record against Club 1; Club 1 and 2 have identical records against one another, Club 1 has a better record against Club 3 and Club 2 and 3 have identical records against one another, then: a. The Clubs will be ranked by their overall winning percentage amongst the other Clubs combined. The Club with the highest overall winning percentage in that group chooses its designation, followed by the team with the next highest overall winning percentage.

b. If two of the Clubs have identical winning percentages, then they would follow the two-Club tiebreak rules to break their tie to pick their designation.

c. If all three teams have identical winning percentages, then the tiebreak rules above (№1) for three clubs having identical records against one another should be followed.

If we win our makeup game on Oct. 5 to put us into a THREE-WAY TIE for the second AL Wild Card spot … well, let’s just hope that doesn’t happen. Our heads hurt.<|endoftext|>Young adults who would like to get married naturally start looking for love in the community they live in, but in some parts of the country, the odds may be against them. A new Pew Research Center analysis finds pronounced differences in the ratio between men and women living in the largest U.S. metro areas, especially when it comes to singles who have an attractive characteristic: a job.

Our poll published last week found that half (53%) of never-married Americans would like to eventually tie the knot. And among never-married women interested in marriage, 78% said that it is “very important” to them that a potential spouse has a steady job (only 46% of never-married men said the same). Looking at the most recently available census data, we explored the demographics of the “marriage market” based on what women said they want in a spouse.

Nationwide, single young men outnumber their female counterparts. The overall male-to-female ratio is 115:100 among single adults ages 25 to 34. But when we limit the young men to those who are currently employed, the ratio falls to 84 employed single men for every 100 single women. (We count both young adults who have never been married and those who have been previously married as single or unmarried.)

So, which large metro areas have the best “marriage market”? For women seeking a male partner with a job, our analysis found that San Jose, Calif., tops the list among large metro areas, with 114 single employed men for every 100 single women. Among all single young adults, there were 141 men for every 100 women in this area. Over half (57%) of young adults ages 25 to 34 in the metro area, which includes Sunnyvale and Santa Clara, were single in 2012.

(Our Mapping the Marriage Market interactive displays the results of all available U.S. metro areas, as well as the reverse ratios of employed women to men and all men to all women.)

Also high on the list is the Denver area. The male-to-female ratio is 121:100, and the ratio of employed men to all women is 101:100. Some 56% of young adults in this area were unmarried in 2012.

But even in these top metro areas, young women may find it difficult to find a young single man with a job. The Orlando, Fla., metro area has a sex ratio of 128 single young men to 100 single young women, but the ratio of employed young single men to all young women is only 90:100. The ratios are similar in Pittsburgh and Los Angeles.

A smaller pool of employed men may not be good news for young women who are looking for a man with a job, but it could be good news for young single men. At the opposite end of the demographic split, we calculated a list of the largest metro areas that have the lowest number of employed young men for every 100 young women.

Memphis, Tenn., tops this list: only 59 employed young single men for every 100 young single women. Some other metro areas in the bottom ten include Jacksonville, Fla.; Detroit, Mich.; Charlotte, N.C.; and Philadelphia, Pa.

Note: The metro ranking is based on 43 metro areas with more than 100,000 unmarried young adults ages 25 to 34. You can find a more complete list of metropolitan areas on our map.

Topics: Population Trends, Demographics, Lifestyle, Marriage and Divorce<|endoftext|>Our Awards

Millions of caged eggs sold as free range in NZ

Those free range eggs you bought at Countdown may not have been free range at all.

A Newsroom investigation has revealed that millions of free range eggs sold at Countdown before this year were likely to have been laid by caged hens.

They were packaged as Palace Poultry brand free range eggs laid at a South Auckland farm, but Newsroom’s Melanie Reid and Morgan Tait reveal a large quantity are from caged egg suppliers.

The Serious Fraud Office is investigating.

In pale yellow cartons, with rustic-style labels, Palace Poultry free-range eggs stand out from the other packaged brands on the shelves of Countdown supermarkets.

Palace Poultry eggs command plenty of shelf space and at up to $3 cheaper per dozen than competing brands they are a popular buy for cost-conscious consumers looking to make an ethical choice.

Stocked in about 70 Countdown stores in the upper North Island, the small print on the Palace Poultry cartons says the eggs are “produced, graded and distributed by Ararimu Free Range Poultry” in Steels Road, Ararimu, South Auckland.

However, a Newsroom investigation has found more than half of the eggs in the pale yellow cartons were not produced at the Palace Poultry farm in Ararimu.

Instead, it would appear Countdown customers have been buying caged eggs in free range cartons.

An average of about 13,000 dozen size 7 Palace Poultry eggs were sold at Countdown stores each week in the two years to May, according to official Aztec Countdown Scan Sales Data.

Based on this volume Palace Poultry would have earned an extra $14,000 per week, according to conservative estimates from industry sources.

The Serious Fraud Office would not “confirm or deny” it was involved, but as Newsroom began its own investigation those involved confirmed the SFO was looking into the case.

Newsroom’s investigation found Palace Poultry did not have enough hens to lay as many free range eggs as it was selling, and purchased the shortfall from egg wholesaler Eco Foods Ltd in nearby Bombay.

Surveillance photos and information from Eco Foods staff shows the eggs being collected were caged eggs.

Caged eggs being collected from Eco Foods, as captured by surveillance footage.

A key player at Palace Poultry, Aaron Fletcher, told Newsroom he had just under 30,000 free-range laying hens at the Ararimu farm - the only farm the business has.

This was confirmed by an independent analysis of the volume of feed delivered to the farm.

Industry standards indicate that many hens could produce just under 6,000 dozen size 7 eggs a week.

So how was Palace Poultry supplying 7000 dozen more size 7 eggs to Countdown stores every week?

Surveillance photos obtained by Newsroom show Aaron Fletcher driving a white truck to egg wholesaler Eco Foods in nearby Bombay.

The surveillance photos show over a period of five days in May last year, Fletcher collected between 12 and 18 pallets of caged eggs from Eco Foods.

Each pallet contained 720 dozen eggs, meaning Fletcher was collecting between 8640 and 12,960 dozen caged eggs.

Eco Foods is owned by Robert and Carola Hehewerth and also sells yoghurt, coffee and crisps to food retailers.

It buys eggs from a range of producers, with 75 per cent of its stock caged eggs and 25 per cent free range.

The images show Fletcher loading plastic-wrapped blue pallets of pink egg cartons into the truck.

The four edges of each pallet were protected by brown cardboard, the word “FRAGILE” printed in large lettering.

This is the distinctive packaging of size 7 eggs produced by Hessell’s, a large-scale caged egg farm in Foxton.

Its size 7 eggs are packaged onto pink trays, its size 6 into blue trays and its size 5 into green trays - a coding system widely used in the caged egg industry.

Free range eggs are usually sold as mixed grade.

The surveillance shows once Fletcher picked up the eggs, he would drive the cargo back to the Ararimu farm, and not leave with them again.

With a concealed camera, Newsroom visited Fletcher at the Ararimu farm and asked him if he was buying caged eggs from Eco Foods, he said:

“We are picking them up from a free range egg supplier who supplies us nothing but free range eggs and has supplied nothing but free range eggs since as long as my father has run this business.”

Newsroom also visited Eco Foods with a concealed camera. Hehewerth was overseas so we spoke to the egg storeroom manager, identified only as Tom.

Tom said he had worked there for eight years but had never heard of Fletcher or Palace Poultry.

We showed Tom one of the surveillance photos. It was an image of himself dealing with Aaron Fletcher as he picked up some pallets of the caged eggs from Eco Foods.

Surveillance footage shows Fletcher meeting with Eco Foods store manager, known only as "Tom".

When he saw the image, Tom was shocked.

“That’s Stu from TK Produce,” he said. “He only buys caged eggs. He’s never bought free range.”

Aaron Fletcher, whose middle name is Stewart, is the son of Terry Fletcher who, along with wife Susan, co-owns the Ararimu farm named on Palace Poultry’s packaging.

They have a range of business and property interests throughout the North Island.

There is no registered entity under the name Palace Poultry or Ararimu Free Range Ltd, but Howard Fletcher Ltd of which Terry Fletcher is a director and shareholder is also linked to the Ararimu address.

There is no record of a company ever being registered as TK Produce in New Zealand, but Terry Fletcher used to be a director and shareholder of Produce Supplies No 2 Limited.

When asked if Fletcher had ever picked up free range eggs, Tom laughed.

“No. No, no, no.”

He said “Stu” was a “big money” buyer of caged eggs.

What sort of money?

“Big money.”

Eco Foods would not have had enough free range eggs to supply Fletcher in the quantities he was purchasing, Tom said.

“We don’t have that amount of free range eggs, we have never had that amount of free range eggs.”

Tom also mentioned that “Stu” had not collected any eggs since the end of last year.

“The Serious Fraud Office came in here. After that, Robert [Eco Foods’ owner] cancelled all [Fletcher’s] orders.”

The Countdown sales figures from the last week of December show Palace Poultry’s sales dropped to just 5000 dozen of the size 7 eggs.

Fletcher said he had stopped buying from Eco Foods for different reasons.

Initially, he said he had “heard a rumour” about the SFO. After further questioning he said the SFO had given him a list of people he was not allowed to speak with.

He said one of those people was Hehewerth.

Palace Poultry eggs on the shelf at Countdown.

“Once the investigation kicked up … what do we do? We are like well could he be supplying us caged eggs instead of free range like he’s telling us? We have to stop and find out what’s going on it’s as simple as that, we stopped straight away.”

When those claims were put to Tom, he said that all invoices stated exactly what products were collected.

“At one stage we were actually marking, we had to mark it on the dockets,” he said. “They were ‘caged eggs’ [written on the invoices].”

Robert Hehewerth returned from overseas at the weekend, and Newsroom was able to speak to him late Sunday.

He confirmed everything his staff members had said.

“I don’t know Aaron or Terry Fletcher, I had never heard that name before. He had done this through a company called TK Produce Suppliers and they just had a staff member with a truck called Stu.”

Hehewerth said he had dealt with TK Produce for about seven years, and that “Stu” had told him the business was a produce distributor for stores in the North and South Islands that supplemented its other stock with caged eggs.

There was “absolutely no way” Fletcher could have thought the eggs were free range, he said.

“I have documentation for every caged egg we have ever bought that shows it was sold as a caged egg,” he said.

A further issue is what responsibility Countdown’s owner Progressive Foods has for ensuring the products on its shelves are authentic.

New Zealand law does not currently have one uniform legislation that regulates the free range egg industry. Instead, the operation falls under several different laws that regulate farming, food safety and advertising claims.

The Animal Welfare Act 2012 sets out the minimum standards for the farming environments for hens, which is then policed by the Ministry of Primary Industries.

The Food Standards Authority Australia New Zealand (FSANZ) sets trans-tasman requirements for health and nutrition claims.

There are regulatory bodies, like SPCA’s Blue Tick program, but membership is voluntary and each body also has different standards.

It is an offence to mislead consumers, so producers with fake claims on their labelling can be prosecuted under the Fair Trading Act.

A 2015 Victoria University paper on the regulation of the industry found “there are many flaws in the system”.

The author found: “Egg producers are profiting from the free-range confusion. The result of the ad hoc approach to regulation is an industry of deception where deceiving consumers through misleading or untrue label claims is common.”

As the demand for free range eggs grows, swift action was needed to protect consumers, the paper found.

“Consumers deserve certainty over what they are buying, especially given that free range eggs are offered at a premium price.

“Reform is desperately needed to protect consumers and uphold the legitimacy of the free-range label.”

In 2014, egg farmer John Garnett was found to have sold close to 2.5 million caged eggs falsely labelled as free range to 38 unsuspecting clients.

He pleaded guilty to 20 charges of criminal deception brought against him by the Commerce Commission and was sentenced to 12 months' home detention and 200 hours of community service.

Follow our coverage as this story unfolds. Newsroom will look further at these - and other - allegations and hear from key industry and political stakeholders.<|endoftext|>Jeremy Parish By Jeremy ParishContributor Got a news tip? Is there something you think we should be reporting on? Email news@usgamer.net.

Last month, Square Enix announced its plans for Final Fantasy XV updates going forward, and they're quite comprehensive. They look to encompass both the mundane (booster packs and other play enhancements to ease players through the adventure) as well as more ambitious material (entire playable scenarios focusing on Noctis' companions Ignis, Gladiolus, and Prompto).

Everyone has a story.

We reached out to director Hajime Tabata to learn a little more about the thinking behind FFXV's sweeping expansions, which greatly exceed the sort of additions we've come to expect for any single-player role-playing game not developed by Bethesda. While ongoing content pushes should be nothing new to fans of multiplayer Final Fantasy titles — A Realm Reborn completely reinvented Final Fantasy XIV, top to bottom — it's an atypical approach for a single-player, story-driven game like FFXV. By this point, most die-hard fans will have already finished the game... so what's the point, many ask?

Tabata acknowledges the uncertainty surrounding the DLC plan. "The reason it sparked debate was probably because we announced that we will continue to update a single-player game," he says. "This model has not been fully established yet. The fans who have grown accustomed to playing traditional Final Fantasy games may feel uneasy about this unfamiliar initiative. That said, I personally believe the approach to updating single-player games, as we are doing with this title, will continue on in the future as a new trend."

He also offered clarification on how the team and company are approaching future FFXV updates. "The updates and DLCs should be considered as two separate types of content," Tabata explains. "While updates enhance the main game and will be offered for free, DLCs provide new ways to enjoy the game and will be offered as paid content."

"The development team worked extremely hard around the clock to finish the development of FFXV, and the game has been well received from both media and consumers since its release. From the get-go, we wanted to continuously update the game after it releases, so we can further enrich the already complete FFXV experience. We also wanted to make sure that players can enjoy the game for an extended period of time. The updated roadmap, which was announced at the end of last year, includes plans that existed before the launch of the game, as well as our response to some of the feedback we received from players after the launch of the game."

Perhaps the most dramatic revision FFXV will be seeing consists of a top-to-bottom overhaul of the game's controversial chapter 13. Set in the "linear" back half of the game, FFXV's chapter 13 introduced a significant change in play format — an unusual twist coming so late in the game. It has proven wildly unpopular with players; the kindest critique I've seen of that section of the game has been a sort of academic fascination with how radically it changes the objectives and rules of play, albeit to the game's detriment. Generally, the prevailing sentiment (even among FFXV fans) seems to be that chapter 13 is emblematic of the game's challenging development cycle and slipped through play testing, with the upcoming revision representing the intended "finished" version of that section.

That's not the case, Tabata says. "The direction of chapter 13’s content was a deliberate decision made from the development team."

"That said, the amount of stress inflicted on the player while running through this chapter was greater than we had anticipated. We believe resolving this issue will naturally lead to a better gameplay experience."

Tabata also stresses that these running changes do not, in his view, represent a compromise to the creators' intentions. "When it comes to the overall playability of the game and not the main plot, updating the game while receiving player feedback will not make the game inconsistent to the development team’s vision," he explains. "We do not intend on making this a completely different game from what was already delivered to the players. We are making changes in order to deliver a further enhanced gameplay experience for those who have purchased and played the game, but this is not necessarily limited to Chapter 13.

"Our main objective is to relieve any unintentional stress to the player and add elements that will expand the breadth of gameplay. Furthermore, the story will be easier to comprehend as we strengthen the connection of events surrounding this chapter. Please wait a little while longer until we announce more details regarding the updates."

Finally, given the focus on Noctis' friends in the upcoming DLC releases, we asked Tabata to weigh in on the internet's greatest FFXV debate: Which boy is best boy?

"It is very difficult for me to select the 'best boy," he laughed.

"It goes to show how much I insisted we create the four characters as a team from the start to the end. As a result, I think each character is charming and likeable in their own way. But because of this, I am also now unable to select the 'best boy' [laughs]."

So in the end, FFXV's best boy is the best boy you select... in your heart.<|endoftext|>NEPAL ALERT

The Ubuntublox Institute has teamed up with folks in Nepal to share ideas and do some fundraising. Jump in, people! The Facebook group is here>> STAY TUNED...

NEWS >>

March 1, 2017

Hennie Botes, an advisor to the $300 House , is featured by the World Economic Forum for his innovative housing system - moladi.

Feb 1, 2017

Anthony Ulwick is now an advisor to the $300 House .

Sep 12, 2016

Philip Kotler is now an advisor to the $300 House .

July 2016

Christian Sarkar holds 3-day innovation workshop for global company on BoP Housing.

Oct 4. 2015

The Ecosystem of Poverty: Lessons Learned from the $300 House Project by Abhijit De and Christian Sarkar.

Aug 4. 2015

Amit Kapoor, President & CEO of the India Council on Competitiveness is now an advisor to the $300 House project.

July 16-17. 2015

Christian Sarkar moderated the Global Affordable Housing session at the 2nd BOP Global Network Summit with CEMEX, TATA Housing, and the Solar Electric Light Fund.

June 9. 2015

Take our Affordable Housing Survey . The survey covers three critical domains: I. Business Models, II. Partner & Support Ecosystems, and III. Measuring Impact.

May 15. 2015

Madhu Menon (Micro Housing Finance Corporation Ltd.) is now an advisor to the $300 House

May 11. 2015

Mario Gonzalez (CEMEX) is now an advisor to the $300 House

May 6-8. 2015

Christian Sarkar speaks at the Foro Latinoamericano de Vivienda Adecuada.

May 1. 2015

Urgent call to help Nepal >> here and here

March 3. 2015

Tim McCormick's Houslets idea needs your support on Indiegogo >> @tmccormick

January 28. 2015

Mel Chin is now an advisor to the $300 House

January 14. 2015

Vivek Wadhwa is now an advisor to the $300 House

December 15. 2014

Sanjay Prakash is now an advisor to the $300 House

December 15. 2014

J.K. Chandra, retired DLF senior executive , is now an advisor to the $300 House

December 7. 2014

Rahul Vatsyayan is now an advisor to the $300 House

March 25. 2014

Shuvashish Chatterjee, City 2.0, is now an advisor to the $300 House (see his report)

March 2. 2014

Ava Mulla, Grameen Social Business, is now an advisor to the $300 House

Jan 29. 2014

Whatever Happened to the $300 House?

July 21. 2013

Lillian Sum, Director of Sacred Earth Trust, is now an advisor to the $300 House

July 02. 2013

IKEA announces flatpack refugee shelters for the UN

March 19. 2013

Update on the $300 House The Guardian

February 16. 2013

Ani Dasgupta, Director of Knowledge and Learning at the World Bank, is now an advisor to the $300 House

February 8. 2013

Pune architects Abhijit De, Girish Doshi, and Narendra Dengle are now advisors to the $300 House

November 26. 2012

The $300 House is a finalist for the Katerva Awards

October 2. 2012

Linda Peia is now an advisor to the $300 House

September 25. 2012

Rogelio Garcia-Contreras is now an advisor to the $300 House

September 19. 2012

$300 House is featured in Inclusivity by Michael Gordon and Christian Sarkar

August 10. 2012

Get to Know Your Non-Customer Harvard Business Review

August 1. 2012

Sharon Dearman is now an advisor to the $300 House

June 11. 2012

Deepa Prahalad is now an advisor to the $300 House

April 4. 2012

Dr. Anteneh Roba, International Fund for Africa is now an advisor to the $300 House

March 4. 2012

Zhooben Bhiwandiwala, Mahindra Partners, is now an advisor to the $300 House

February 14. 2012

Want to Build a Cheap House? How About One For $300? SPAN

February 12. 2012

The house that students built Financial Times

February 6. 2012

La Casa da 300 dollari Galileo

January 25. 2012

Dartmouth: $300 House Keynote, VG and Jim Yong Kim kickoff the $300 House [4 Haiti] workshop

October 9. 2011

Report: The $300 House: A Community Survey of Rural India (THL)

October 5. 2011

VG + $300 House shortlisted by Thinkers50

October 1. 2011

Vision Statement: The $300 House Harvard Business Review

September 15. 2011

A $300 House: Fact or fiction? HousingRevolution

September 12. 2011

Stephan Butler joins the $300 House as an advisor.

September 10. 2011

Nitin Sharma, Shourin Roy and Kyle Elllicott join the $300 House as advisors.

September 3. 2011

Dartmouth Team to Visit Haiti

August 18. 2011

La vuoi una casa per 200 euro? L'espresso

August 18. 2011

Likeonomics: How To Make Your Brand More Believable Fast Company

August 1. 2011

Eric Ho (Architecture Commons) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

July 26. 2011

Hybrid House: Extraordinary Green Home Can be Built for Under $300 Inhabitat

July 18. 2011

The $300 House: Businesses Take Up the Challenge Harvard Business Review

July 4. 2011

Salem Avan joins the $300 House as an advisor.

June 30. 2011

Kate Bulkley joins the $300 House as an advisor.

June 28. 2011

Eric Ho (a winner of the $300 House challenge) discusses the idea on CNN

June 27. 2011

Praise and Criticism of the $300 House Master of International Cooperation Sustainable Emergency Architecture

June 26. 2011

$300 home is not just viable but also profitable Hindustan Times

June 26. 2011

Harvey Lacey joins the $300 House as an advisor.

June 25. 2011

Owen Geiger (GRISB.org) joins the $300 House as advisor.

June 24. 2011

The £197 'nano house' designed to solve India's slum housing Telegraph

June 24. 2011

M & M win award for $300 Home Times of India

June 23. 2011

Activate 2011: Technology powered by people Guardian

June 23. 2011

Nano home at $300? Mahindras tap Harvard dons Hindustan Times

June 22. 2011

Christian speaks at Activate 2011 about the $300 house (video).

June 21. 2011

Six Designs For Houses That Cost Just $300 To Build Fast Company

June 19. 2011

Contest seeks ideas for $300 houses to shelter world's poor Gizmag

June 18. 2011

A home in Mumbai for $300? Why not, says NRI DNA

June 16. 2011

Inspiration - The $300 House

June 15. 2011

The Winners of the $300 House Open Design Challenge Congratulations!

June 7. 2011

The $300 House: A Hands-On Approach to a Wicked Problem (Harvard Business Review) our rebuttal to the NY Times Op-Ed.

June 3. 2011

$300 slum house? Worthy but worthless (The Berkely Blog).

May 31. 2011

Hands Off Our Houses (New York Times) Op-Ed challenges the $300 House.

May 23. 2011

Stacey Lawson (CET, UC Berkeley) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 23. 2011

Erich Habian (Wienerberger) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 20. 2011

Roland Merten (BASF) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 16. 2011

Helen Walters (Doblin) joins the $300 House as an advisor and judge.

May 15. 2011

Larry Keeley (Doblin) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 15. 2011

Madhav Chavan (Pratham) joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 12. 2011

Ophelia Dahl (Partners In Health) joins the $300 House as an advisor and judge.

May 12. 2011

Patrice Nevil (Zanmi Lasante) joins the $300 House as an advisor and judge.

May 12. 2011

Paul Miller a.k.a. D.J. Spooky joins the $300 House as an advisor.

May 10. 2011

Google SketchUp on the $300 House >>

May 5. 2011

How to house the world's poor: The $300 house of ideas Globe and Mail >>

May 3. 2011

What a $300 House Teaches Us About Big Business

Technorati >>

May 3. 2011

INTERVIEW with Christian Sarkar Guardian >>

May 2. 2011

Can a $300 House Save 2 Billion People Living in Poverty? [PICS] Mashable >>

May 1. 2011

The BBC interviews VG:

[click to play]

April 28. 2011

The $300 House in The Economist >>

April 20. 2011

$300 House Open Design Challenge launched!

sponsor:

April 14. 2011

Valeria Budinich joins the $300 House as an advisor.

April 10. 2011

Rahul Mehrotra joins the $300 House as a judge and advisor.

April 9. 2011

Jack Wilson joins the $300 House as an advisor.

April 8. 2011

Bastian Unterberg joins the $300 House as an advisor.

April 7. 2011

Paul Newman joins the $300 House as an advisor.

April 6. 2011

Yves Behar joins the $300 House as a judge for the design challenge.

April 5. 2011

Daniel Johnson joins the $300 House as a judge and advisor.

March 26. 2011

Michael Gordon joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 25. 2011

W. Scott Tew joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 25. 2011

Javed Matin joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 22. 2011

John Bielenberg joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 20. 2011

Byron Katie joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 18. 2011

Chairul Tanjung, the Chairman of the National Economic Committee of Indonesia, joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 17. 2011

HBR editor Scott Berinato's slideshow on the $300 House >>

March 15. 2011

Toby Cumberbatch joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 11. 2011

Paul Polak joins the $300 House as an advisor.

March 8. 2011

VG discusses the $300 House on HBR video >>

March 3. 2011

Benjamin Linder joins us as an advisor to the $300 House.

March 3. 2011

Dave Cranmer joins us as an advisor to the $300 House.

February 26. 2011

Shaun Abrahamson joins us as an advisor to the $300 House.

February 26. 2011

Derek "Deek" Diedricksen joins us as an advisor to the $300 House.

February 26. 2011

Christina M. Alfonso is now an advisor to the $300 House.

February 23. 2011

John Tammaro is now an advisor to the $300 House.

February 18. 2011

Ryan Henderson is now an advisor to the $300 House.

February 12. 2011

Vinay Gupta joins us an advisor to the $300 House.

February 11. 2011

Samuel Freeman is now an advisor to the $300 House.

February 10. 2011

US Airways features the $300 House in its in-flight magazine.

February 8. 2011

Reggae star David Hinds (Steel Pulse) is now an advisor to the $300 House.

February 2. 2011

David Sands blogs about the $300 House in HBR.

January 28. 2011

Doug Pushard joins the $300 House advisory group.

January 27. 2011

Alex Bogusky introduces COMMON, includes the $300 House!

January 25. 2011

Daniel Klein-Marcuschamer is now an advisor for the $300 House.

January 24. 2011

Christian Blyt joins the $300 House advisory group.

January 24. 2011

The Co-operation Blog mentions the $300 House.

January 21. 2011

Ramona Albert joins the $300 House advisory group.

January 20. 2011

Kevin Roberts, CEO of Saatchi and Saatchi, gives the $300 House a mention!

January 18. 2011

Rafael Smith is now an advisor for the $300 House.

January 17. 2011

Stuart L. Hart is now an advisor for the $300 House.

January 17. 2011

Manoj Sinha of Husk Power Systems is now an advisor for the $300 House.

January 14. 2011

Umair Haque is now an advisor for the $300 House.

January 13. 2011

The $300 House gets a favorable mention in The Economist blog.

January 10. 2011

Dow Corning CEO + Chairman Stephanie A. Burns blogs about the $300 House on the Harvard Business Review blog

January 07. 2011

Students at RMCAD.edu to design $300 Houses. [stay tuned!]

January 05. 2011

Harvard Business Review's Scott Berinato is now an official advisor to the $300 House.

January 04. 2011

3 new advisors: David Sands - the world's leading bamboo architect; Sunil Suri of Menlo Capital Group; and Arun Lal of miloka.com<|endoftext|>A Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage client.

Scorch gives you everything you need to upload to, download from and manage the files and buckets on your Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage account.

Quickly and easily upload anything from a single file to folders containing thousands, no limit on file type or size.

Uploading and downloading is as simple as selecting a file, multiple files and folders or just dragging and dropping. Large files are split into parts so transfers are as fast as they can be.

Files are verified when uploaded/downloaded to ensure that the file that left was the file that arrived, no more corrupted files.

Previous versions of uploaded files are automatically kept so you will never lose a change again.

Scorch alerts you if the files you plan to upload or download are the same as those you are going to replace, saving you time and bandwidth.

Scorch fully supports advanced B2 lifecycle rules, create advanced rules when creating or editing a bucket to save space by automatically hiding and deleting old files/versions.

Share files easily with private links which expire after a set amount of time, plus Scorch can shorten the link (and authorisation token) using our own scorchapp.link.

Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage gives you 10 GB for FREE and costs just $0.005/GB Month after that.

Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage works similar to Amazon S3 or Microsoft Azure, allowing you to store unlimited data in the cloud. But does it for 1/4th the cost.

Scorch requires a free Backblaze B2 Cloud Storage account, sign up here.<|endoftext|>Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) got salty Tuesday when Bloomberg asked him if he'd seen his party's plan to repeal and replace ObamaCare. "No, nor have I met any American that has," McCain said, referring to the GOP-backed health-care plan. "I'm sure the Russians have been able to hack in and gotten most of it."

While McCain might have been the only Republican senator to bring up Russia, he certainly isn't the only one frustrated with the party leadership's lack of transparency over the American Health Care Act. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) told Bloomberg that he thinks "it might be time to get the copier out." "We still haven't seen the bill," Paul said. He predicted that "using a one-party approach is setting up failure over the long term."

Sen. Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska) admitted the secrecy surrounding the bill has her worried. "This is like a really big deal to get this right for the country," Murkowski said. "You're asking me questions about something that neither one of us know what it looks like. Doesn't that worry you as a reporter? You don't even know how to frame the questions. I don't know how to frame the responses."

Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) announced Tuesday that the bill will be released Thursday morning. A vote is expected next week. Becca Stanek<|endoftext|>By John Schroyer

The 280E section of the federal tax code has been the bane of law-abiding cannabis businesses for years because it typically results in plant-touching companies paying enormous tax bills to the IRS.

But that could change, perhaps even this year, if Congress passes the Small Business Tax Equity Act.

House Resolution 1810 – a bill being spearheaded by U.S. Rep. Carlos Curbelo, a Florida Republican – would exempt state-licensed marijuana companies from 280E, effectively repealing it for MJ businesses that are fully compliant with their states’ laws.

The bill has garnered 33 co-sponsors since its introduction earlier this year – including Curbelo and 11 other Republicans – which illustrates how far into mainstream politics cannabis reform has moved.

However, there’s been talk among cannabis advocates in Washington DC that Curbelo’s bill could be wrapped into a larger tax reform package by Republican leadership in Congress, giving the proposal a better chance of becoming law.

Marijuana Business Daily recently had an opportunity to ask Curbelo for an update on his bill’s status as well as the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment.

Why did you introduce H.R. 1810 since you’re not known as a major proponent of cannabis reform?

When I got on the (House) Ways and Means Committee, I became very sensitive to all issues related to tax, and one of my big goals – and I think for most people in the Congress – is for the tax system to be fair across the board and treat every American and every American business fairly.

And (280E) stood out as a strange and unjustifiable inequity in the tax code. So I joined forces with (U.S. Rep.) Earl Blumenauer (D-Oregon) … and we decided to put forward this simple proposal.

What’s happening with the bill? Word is it might be included in the GOP tax reform package this year.

Our goal has been to grow the list of co-sponsors, and we’ve been successful. That tends to be a slow process usually.

But the stronger we make the legislation by adding co-sponsors, the more likely it is that it could be included in this package or less ambitious tax packages in the future.

I’ve heard speculation that something akin to HR 1810 could pass, with the trade-off for the loss of federal revenue being a new tax on marijuana product sales. Is that on the table?

All of these ideas have been circulating. It’s very early in the process of developing this massive tax reform package.

We know that once it gets filed, many will be introducing amendments to it. We know that once it moves out of the House, it’ll continue evolving in the Senate. So there are multiple stops at which provisions such as this one, and others, could be included.

Obviously, in the Senate, if this becomes a bipartisan exercise – which is a strong possibility – that improves the chances of this being included.

As far as I’m concerned, the most important thing I can do … (is) show there is significant bipartisan support for treating these small businesses operating legally and with licenses all over the country in a manner that’s fair and equitable.

Do you think H.R. 1810 has a better chance of passing as a stand-alone bill or as part of a larger tax reform package?

Most bills in the Congress have a better chance at passing as part of a broader package. There’s limited time in the Congress, and stand-alone bills always tend to face tougher odds.

So anytime you can include something in a broader package, that’s usually preferable.

Any way you could put some sort of odds on H.R. 1810 passing, either on its own or as part of a package?

It’s too early to tell, but there are people on both sides of the aisle in both chambers that strongly believe this is important legislation.

We have the support of outside organizations, like Americans for Tax Reform, which is the most influential tax organization in the country.

This is not marijuana legislation. This is tax legislation. And members on both sides of the aisle should support it.

What are the political and logistical obstacles to a bill like H.R. 1810 passing?

I think a lot of members of Congress don’t understand the (cannabis) industry, that it’s a sophisticated industry, with legitimate businesspeople trying to employ others and responsibly participate in this business activity.

I think a lot of members, when they think about cannabis, have a 1980s or 1990s mentality, and the fact is, all these businesses are highly regulated, they go to great lengths to control the substance and make sure that only those who are allowed to have access to it do and that they use it responsibly.

So I think the greatest challenge is the education that needs to take place, and those of us who are trying to advance this are doing a lot of one-on-one meetings and encouraging colleagues to meet with these small business owners, to visit them at their locations throughout the country so they can see for themselves.

This is the best chance we have at putting the criminal organizations and the gangs that operate in the black market out of business. And that’s another major goal here.

What about the extension of the Rohrabacher-Blumenauer Amendment as part of the federal budget? Do you expect that will be renewed before it expires in December?

I’m very confident it will again be part of any spending package passed by Congress, likely in December. There’s strong bipartisan support in both chambers for it.

I thought the House Rules Committee made a major mistake by denying the House a vote on an amendment that has passed for several years now.

But given there is evidence that it has broad support in the House, I am confident the Senate version of the appropriations bill, (which) includes this language, will prevail.

Something that I’ve been telling people is that the best allies – unwitting allies – of the gangs and criminal organizations that depend on marijuana for revenue are those members of Congress who continue giving those same gangs and criminal organizations an advantage over the responsible, ethical, legal, licensed small business owners across this country who are trying to do the right thing.

This interview has been edited for length and clarity.

John Schroyer can be reached at [email protected]<|endoftext|>If the Santa Ana Police Department has it right, Tracy Clapp went all Mike Tyson on herself.

With a face tattoo Iron Mike would be envious of—as well as bright pink hair and blue contact lenses on her eyes—the 36-year-old Santa Ana resident is believed to have changed her appearance from what she looked like on April 20.

Around 2:15 that morning, Saddleback High School drum line instructor Christopher Chavez was walking through the Bristol Street and Central Avenue crosswalk, with the right-of-way as he headed to Denny’s, when he was struck by a black BMW sedan with paper license plates.

The woman behind the wheel stopped, walked up to Chavez, went back to the car and drove off, say police and a witness who snapped a photo of the raven-haired driver before she left.

Severely injured, Chavez was taken to Orange County Global Medical Center, where a week later the 26-year-old was declared brain dead.

With the help of police, the Chavez family offered a $20,000 reward for information leading to the identity of the female Beemer driver.

Meanwhile, detectives kept working the case, aided by tips that poured in. The investigation led them Saturday night to southeast Santa Ana, where a woman with pink hair was seen getting into a stolen car, police Cpl. Matt Wharton reportedly told the Orange County Register.

Police followed the car and tried to pull it over, but the vehicle kept going before the lady fled, a short foot chase ensued, and the suspect tussled with cops, who included a canine that bit her in the arm, according to Wharton.

Clapp was hospitalized and expected to be booked Sunday night on suspicion of several crimes, including vehicular manslaughter, felony hit and run and assault on a peace officer.

The Chavez family, who police informed of the arrest, told the Register that Christopher’s organs were donated to help others, as he would have wished.

No one staked a claim to the $20,000 reward.<|endoftext|>Victor Valdes made over 500 appearances for Barcelona before leaving the club last summer

Victor Valdes took a team talk before his first ever game for Manchester United - and left his fellow players in awe.

The 32-year-old Spain goalkeeper gave the Under-21 squad an insight into the motivational techniques of his former Barcelona boss Pep Guardiola.

Under-21 boss Warren Joyce said Valdes delivered a "brilliant" speech.

Valdes was preparing to compete in his first game since recovering from a serious knee injury.

He played for United's Under-21 side in a 2-1 win over Liverpool at Leigh Sports Village on Monday.

Valdes asked Joyce to play a video that told the story of veteran American athlete Dick Hoyt.

For decades, Hoyt has pushed his quadriplegic son Rick in specially adapted wheelchairs while contesting marathons, triathlons and other endurance events.

"The lads are in the room listening to this," said Joyce. "It was unbelievable.

"I was going to do something but Victor said 'Guardiola used to do this'.

"He's a very humble guy and a model professional."

Valdes is still to make his first-team debut after joining United on a free transfer earlier this month.<|endoftext|>Business Insider

President Donald Trump's legal defense team is floating a new strategy as the Russia investigation reaches a critical point: calling for a second special counsel tasked with investigating perceived anti-Trump bias and conflicts of interest within the FBI and the Department of Justice.

Axios reported that the move was prompted by a Fox News article which said that senior DOJ official Bruce Ohr's wife worked during the 2016 election for Fusion GPS — the firm that produced the Steele dossier, an explosive collection of memos detailing Trump's alleged Russia ties. Ohr was demoted last week for failing to disclose that he met with some individuals who were behind the dossier's production.

"The Department of Justice and FBI cannot ignore the multiple problems that have been created by these obvious conflicts of interests. These revelations require the appointment of a Special Counsel to investigate," Jay Sekulow, one of Trump's personal defense lawyers, told Axios.

It's unclear whether the president's defense lawyers — White House lawyer Ty Cobb and personal defense attorneys Sekulow and John Dowd — want the DOJ, the FBI, both, or specific individuals within the agencies to be investigated.

Cobb did not respond to a request for comment. Dowd replied "yes" when asked whether he believed a second special counsel should be appointed and directed all other questions to Sekulow. Sekulow referred to his original statement to Axios and did not respond to follow-up questions.

The obstruction question takes center stage

Trump's legal team's new course of action in the Russia probe comes on the heels of multiple reports indicating that special counsel Robert Mueller is drilling down on one of the main threads in the Russia investigation: whether Trump sought to obstruct justice when he fired FBI Director James Comey in May.

NBC News reported Monday that investigators are focused on the 18-day period between when the White House was first warned that national security adviser Michael Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail, and when he was forced to resign. A Washington Post report on Tuesday said lawyers for other witnesses in the Russia probe told Cobb that prosecutors asked "detailed questions" about Comey's firing, which led them to believe Mueller is focusing on gathering evidence around the obstruction question.

Comey was overseeing the Russia investigation when he was dismissed, and his abrupt firing came three months after a private Oval Office meeting in which Trump asked him to consider "letting" Flynn "go." Flynn was forced to resign after it emerged that he misled Vice President Mike Pence about his conversations with Russian ambassador Sergei Kislyak during the transition period. Comey gave no indication that he would consider Trump's request.

Michael Flynn. AP Photo/Susan Walsh

Flynn pleaded guilty earlier this month to one count of making false statements to the FBI about his contacts with Kislyak during a January interview, and Trump invited scrutiny the next day when he sent out a tweet suggesting he knew Flynn had misled the FBI at the time of his firing. If Trump knew Flynn had committed a federal crime when he asked Comey to "let go" of the bureau's investigation, it would dramatically bolster the obstruction case against him.

Former federal prosecutor Jeff Cramer said Tuesday that the president's defense team's calls for a second special counsel seem less like a legal strategy and more like a public-relations stunt.

Trump and his defenders have also latched onto a string of damaging reports in recent days as evidence of bias either within Mueller's team or the DOJ as a whole.

The Washington Post reported that Peter Strzok, an FBI counterintelligence veteran who worked with Mueller on the Russia investigation, was ousted in July because he exchanged texts with a colleague at the FBI that could have shown a perceived anti-Trump bias.

Andrew Weissman, a seasoned prosecutor on Mueller's team who specializes in "flipping" witnesses, was also roped into the controversy when the conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch released an email last week in which Weissman praised former acting attorney general Sally Yates for refusing to defend Trump's initial travel ban in January. The Wall Street Journal also reported that Weissman attended Clinton's election night party in New York last year.

Republican lawmakers also urged Attorney General Jeff Sessions in November to appoint a special counsel tasked with investigating "matters which may be outside the scope" of Mueller's probe. Of particular concern to them were the 2010 Uranium One deal and the Clinton Foundation, as well as actions taken by former Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Comey, and both Bill and Hillary Clinton.

AP

'It's getting close to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue'

Cramer said claims of bias and calls for a second special counsel were "political noise."

"While you can look at that and say, 'Everything is tainted,' I think that's a knee-jerk reaction," he said. Though it's important to examine whether there's any sort of bias in an investigation, he added, "just scratching the surface a little reveals that none of these allegations of bias touch upon the credibility of Mueller's probe."

"You have to look at the evidence, because the facts are the facts," Cramer said.

Individual revelations about investigators' political views, he said, are "distinct" from the fact that "Flynn lied to the FBI. So while it's unfortunate there are these distractions, it doesn't impact the evidence ... and the call for any sort of investigation of the FBI or DOJ is a cynical distraction and a lazy man's excuse."

The special counsel's office has so far charged four individuals in Trump's orbit as part of the Russia investigation: Flynn, former campaign chairman Paul Manafort, former campaign adviser and Manafort associate Rick Gates, and early foreign-policy adviser George Papadopoulos.

Former Donald Trump presidential campaign manager Paul Manafort looks on during Game Four of the American League Championship Series at Yankee Stadium on October 17, 2017 in the Bronx borough of New York City. Elsa/Getty Images

As Mueller and his investigators move forward, Trump's defense team, led by Cobb, has largely signaled a willingness to cooperate with Mueller and in the hope for a speedy and swift conclusion.

Cobb has also reportedly been successful at convincing Trump the investigation will wrap up soon: first, he said it would end by Thanksgiving, then by Christmas, and later by early next year. Legal experts dispute that timeline, saying it will likely take much longer for an investigation of this size and scope to end.

Trump's lawyers' calls for a second special counsel, according to Axios, are not related to Mueller as much as to perceived bias in the FBI and DOJ as a whole.

But the timing of the strategy indicates that the president's defense team is aware that the investigation may soon touch the White House and Trump himself.

"We didn't hear this when Papadopoulos or Manafort were indicted," Cramer said. "We only hear it now because it's getting close to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, and that's why they're working to discredit investigators."<|endoftext|>Points show pedigree birth locations that are disproportionately assigned to each cluster. Only birth locations with OR>x within indicated generations y–z are plotted, in which parameters x, y, z are chosen separately per cluster to better visualize the cluster's historical geographic concentration; full distributions of ancestral birth locations in the United States, Europe and worldwide are given in Supplementary Figs. 18–20. For each cluster, points are independently scaled by the number of pedigree annotations. See Fig. 2 and Table 1 for more details. Note that clusters are separated into two maps only for clarity. Also note that the concentration of Puerto Rican ancestors in Hawaii probably reflects their arrival there in the early 1900s (ref. 64). Maps were generated with the maps R package using data from the Natural Earth Project (1:50 m world map, version 2.0). These data are made available in the public domain (Creative Commons CC0).<|endoftext|>News Release 11-128

Research Shows 16-month-olds Infer Causes of Failed Actions

Findings have implications for learning strategies

Infants infer whether a toy fails to work because of their actions or a reason beyond their control.

June 23, 2011

This material is available primarily for archival purposes. Telephone numbers or other contact information may be out of date; please see current contact information at media contacts.

Using a very small amount of statistical information, 16-month-old infants can distinguish between the influence of their own actions and the impact of the outside world, new research concludes.

The findings, published in this week's journal Science, give researchers insight into how infants integrate prior knowledge with a handful of statistical data to make accurate inferences about the causes of a failed action.

Research conducted by Hyowon Gweon and Laura Schulz, both with the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences, showed that infants are able to make accurate judgments about whether a toy failed to operate due to their own mistake or due to circumstances beyond their control.

Making such distinctions is a common, yet critical part of cognition. "If we try to turn on a light and are left in the dark, did we do something wrong (e.g., flip the wrong switch), or is something wrong in the world (e.g., a bulb burned out)?" the researchers write in their report, giving an every-day example of how people assign causal responsibilities to themselves or to the external world.

Understanding how these distinctions are made can help develop learning strategies for both children and adults.

The study, "16-month-olds Rationally Infer Causes of Failed Actions," was funded by the Research and Evaluation on Education in Science and Engineering (REESE) program in the National Science Foundation's Directorate for Education and Human Resources (EHR).

"These results run contrary to assumptions that prevailed in education for decades that young children were unable to distinguish among causes in this manner," said Gregg Solomon, cluster coordinator for the REESE program in EHR's Division of Research on Learning, "and it has implications for curricular design in early childhood."

Gweon and Schulz examined how babies react to situations in which their actions fail to produce an expected outcome. In one condition, babies saw a toy that played music when one experimenter pushed a button on the toy, but the toy failed when a second experimenter tried. This pattern of evidence suggested to the infant that the failure was due to the second experimenter or agent.

In another condition, the button pressed sometimes activated the toy and sometimes failed to activate for each of the two experimenters. This suggested that something was wrong with the toy. In both conditions, when infants were given the toy, they were never able to activate it.

The researchers hypothesized that infants would use the statistical evidence to consider the plausibility of two explanations--that they were doing something wrong or that the toy was broken--and determine which was most likely.

Depending on the circumstances of the experiment, the babies responded differently, indicating that they were able to weigh evidence for each explanation and react accordingly. Infants who saw evidence suggesting the failure was due to their own action tried to hand the toy to their parents for help. Conversely, babies who saw evidence suggesting that the toy was broken were more likely to reach for a new toy, as another one was always nearby.

"That's the amazing thing about what the babies are doing," said Schulz. "They can use very, very sparse evidence because they have these rich prior beliefs and they can use that to make quite sophisticated, quite accurate inferences about the world."

"It was fascinating to see that they are even sensitive to this problem of figuring out whether it's them or the world to begin with," added Gweon, "and that they can track such subtle statistical dependence between agents, objects and event outcomes to make rational inferences."

Although this study is conducted with babies, the results have implications for how humans in general learn about the world. "The results support the idea that humans are rational learners armed with a powerful mechanism for making inductive inferences," said Gweon.

The infants' choice of actions between asking for help and exploring another toy has implications for the trade-off between two strategies for learning: learning socially from others and learning from exploration.

"Indeed, assumptions about how children explore the world and what causal inferences they draw underlie a range of approaches to the development of instructional materials and teacher education," Solomon said.

"It's surprising that these young infants can already rationally navigate between the two choices and choose the more informative source of information depending on where they attribute the cause of the failure," said Gweon.

-NSF-

The researchers' work is described in the June 24, 2011 issue of the journal Science.

Credit and Larger Version

Media Contacts

Bobbie Mixon, NSF, (703) 292-8485, email: bmixon@nsf.gov

Anne Trafton, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, (617) 253-7147, email: trafton@mit.edu

Program Contacts

Gregg Solomon, NSF, (703) 292-8333, email: gesolomo@nsf.gov

Principal Investigators

Hyowon Gweon, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, (617) 324-2887, email: hyora@mit.edu

Co-Investigators

Laura Schulz, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, email: lschulz@mit.edu

The National Science Foundation (NSF) is an independent federal agency that supports fundamental research and education across all fields of science and engineering. In fiscal year (FY) 2019, its budget is $8.1 billion. NSF funds reach all 50 states through grants to nearly 2,000 colleges, universities and other institutions. Each year, NSF receives more than 50,000 competitive proposals for funding and makes about 12,000 new funding awards.

Get News Updates by Email

Useful NSF Web Sites:

NSF Home Page: https://www.nsf.gov

NSF News: https://www.nsf.gov/news/

For the News Media: https://www.nsf.gov/news/newsroom.jsp

Science and Engineering Statistics: https://www.nsf.gov/statistics/

Awards Searches: https://www.nsf.gov/awardsearch/<|endoftext|>VIENNA (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump’s speech on Cuba was a “grotesque spectacle,” but the island’s government will continue working towards better relations with the majority of Americans who back detente, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez said on Monday.

Cuba's Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez addresses a news conference in Vienna, Austria, June 19, 2017. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger

Trump announced a partial rollback of the normalization of relations with Cuba on Friday in Miami, the heartland of Cuban exiles, in a theater named after the leader of the failed U.S.-backed Bay of Pigs invasion of the island in 1961.

“It was a grotesque spectacle straight from the Cold War,” Rodriguez said in Vienna, during a tour of European countries, in a news conference broadcast live in Cuba.

Trump’s speech before an audience that included people Cuba considers terrorists, included dramatic flourishes like a Cuban- American exile playing the U.S. national anthem on his violin.

The U.S. president stopped short of breaking diplomatic relations with Cuba, restored in 2015 after more than five decades of hostility and leaves many recent agreements between the two countries intact.

However, it will tighten restrictions on Americans traveling to the Caribbean island, hurting the booming Cuban tourism industry and clamp down on U.S. business dealings with Cuba’s military.

“It is necessary to wait for the U.S. government to announce regulations that implement these measures before opining on their reach and depth,” Rodriguez said.

He added, however, that they would inevitably hit U.S. companies and citizens by restricting their ability to invest in or travel to Cuba, while also hurting the Cuban people.

“It will wreak economic damage not just on Cuba’s state companies but also on the cooperatives and private sector workers,” he said.

Moody’s Investor Service released a report on Monday saying the U.S. revision of its Cuban policy was “credit negative” for the island, coming at a time when the country was already suffering liquidity problems due to weakening economic support from its crisis-wracked ally Venezuela.

The Cuban foreign minister said Trump’s hope of separating the people from the military, who were simply “the people in uniform,” was “infantile.”

‘On the contrary, these measures reinforce our patriotism, our dignity and our decision to defend national independence by all means,” he said.

Meanwhile, the partial rollback of the detente would fall flat with the majority of Americans, who supported the normalization of relations with Cuba, and with whom the country would continue working, Rodriguez added.

In response to Trump’s demand to return fugitives sought by the United States, Rodriguez said Cuba considered them fighters for civil liberties.

“These persons will not be returned to the United States,” he said.<|endoftext|>Below is the public schedule of His Holiness the Dalai Lama. All events are free and open to the public unless noted. For ticketed events, people are requested to contact the organizers directly or visit the listed websites for further information on tickets.

For all teachings in Dharamsala, registration is required in order to attend. Registration begins a few days before the actual start of the teaching and ends the day before the first day of the teaching. Registration hours are from 9 am to 1 pm and 2 pm to 5 pm at the Branch Security Office in McLeod Ganj (Bhagsunath Road near Hotel Tibet). Kindly bring your passport for registration. A nominal fee of Rs. 10 will be charged.

For your information, as a long-standing policy His Holiness the Dalai Lama does not accept any fees for his talks. Where tickets need to be purchased, organizers are requested by our office to charge the minimum entrance fee in order to cover their costs only.

Please note that the dates given below are subject to change.

Long Life Offering Ceremony in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will attend a Long Life offering prayer given to him by four separate groups in the morning at the Main Tibetan Temple.

Teaching in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will give three days of teachings in the mornings for Tibetan Youth at the Main Tibetan Temple.

Long Life Offering Ceremony in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will attend a Long Life offering prayer given to him by two groups in the morning at the Main Tibetan Temple.

Long Life Offering Ceremony in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will attend a Long Life offering prayer given to him by former staff of the Central Tibetan Administration in the morning at the Main Tibetan Temple.

Teaching in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will give four days of teachings and continue last year's topic on Buddhapalita's Commentary on the Fundamental Wisdom of the Middle Way (drel-pa Buddhapalita) in the mornings at the request of a group from Asia.

Teaching in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will give four days of teachings at the request of Taiwanese.

Teaching in Dharamsala, HP, India His Holiness will give three days of teachings at the request of Koreans.

Teaching in Bodhgaya, Bihar, India On December 28 and 29 mornings, His Holiness will give teachings on Shantideva's A Guide to the Boddhisattva's Way of Life (chodjug). On December 30 morning, His Holiness will confer an Avalokiteshvera Initiation (chenresig wang). On December 31 morning, His Holiness will attend a Long Life offering prayer given to him.<|endoftext|>Several dozen opposition MPs on Friday occupied the rostrum in the Polish parliament in a noisy protest during a key vote on next year’s budget bill.
displaced by tectonic uplift had also dragged massive slabs of rock, each weighing millions of tons, as far as 10 km (6 mi) across the seabed. An oceanic trench several kilometres wide was exposed in the earthquake zone.[40]

The TOPEX/Poseidon and Jason-1 satellites happened to pass over the tsunami as it was crossing the ocean.[41] These satellites carry radars that measure precisely the height of the water surface; anomalies in the order of 50 cm (20 in) were measured. Measurements from these satellites may prove invaluable for the understanding of the earthquake and tsunami.[42] Unlike data from tide gauges installed on shores, measurements obtained in the middle of the ocean can be used for computing the parameters of the source earthquake without having to compensate for the complex ways in which close proximity to the coast changes the size and shape of a wave.

Tsunami

The tsunami's propagation took 5 hours to reach Western Australia, 7 hours to reach the Arabian Peninsula, and did not reach the South African coast until nearly 11 hours after the earthquake

The sudden vertical rise of the seabed by several metres during the earthquake displaced massive volumes of water, resulting in a tsunami that struck the coasts of the Indian Ocean. A tsunami that causes damage far away from its source is sometimes called a teletsunami and is much more likely to be produced by vertical motion of the seabed than by horizontal motion.[43]

The tsunami, like all others, behaved differently in deep water than in shallow water. In deep ocean water, tsunami waves form only a low, broad hump, barely noticeable and harmless, which generally travels at a high speed of 500 to 1,000 km/h (310 to 620 mph); in shallow water near coastlines, a tsunami slows down to only tens of kilometres per hour but, in doing so, forms large destructive waves. Scientists investigating the damage in Aceh found evidence that the wave reached a height of 24 metres (80 ft) when coming ashore along large stretches of the coastline, rising to 30 metres (100 ft) in some areas when traveling inland.[5] Radar satellites recorded the heights of tsunami waves in deep water: maximum height was at 60 centimetres (2 ft) two hours after the earthquake, the first such observations ever made.[44][45]

According to Tad Murty, vice-president of the Tsunami Society, the total energy of the tsunami waves was equivalent to about five megatons of TNT (20 petajoules), which is more than twice the total explosive energy used during all of World War II (including the two atomic bombs) but still a couple of orders of magnitude less than the energy released in the earthquake itself. In many places the waves reached as far as 2 km (1.2 mi) inland.[46]

Because the 1,600 km (1,000 mi) fault affected by the earthquake was in a nearly north-south orientation, the greatest strength of the tsunami waves was in an east-west direction. Bangladesh, which lies at the northern end of the Bay of Bengal, had few casualties despite being a low-lying country relatively near the epicenter. It also benefited from the fact that the earthquake proceeded more slowly in the northern rupture zone, greatly reducing the energy of the water displacements in that region.

Maximum height of the waves that hit Indonesia

Coasts that have a landmass between them and the tsunami's location of origin are usually safe; however, tsunami waves can sometimes diffract around such landmasses. Thus, the state of Kerala was hit by the tsunami despite being on the western coast of India, and the western coast of Sri Lanka suffered substantial impacts. Distance alone was no guarantee of safety, as Somalia was hit harder than Bangladesh despite being much farther away.

Because of the distances involved, the tsunami took anywhere from fifteen minutes to seven hours to reach the coastlines.[47][48] The northern regions of the Indonesian island of Sumatra were hit quickly, while Sri Lanka and the east coast of India were hit roughly 90 minutes to two hours later. Thailand was struck about two hours later despite being closer to the epicentre, because the tsunami traveled more slowly in the shallow Andaman Sea off its western coast.

The tsunami was noticed as far as Struisbaai in South Africa, about 8,500 km (5,300 mi) away, where a 1.5 m (5 ft) high tide surged on shore about 16 hours after the earthquake. It took a relatively long time to reach Struisbaai at the southernmost point of Africa, probably because of the broad continental shelf off South Africa and because the tsunami would have followed the South African coast from east to west. The tsunami also reached Antarctica, where tidal gauges at Japan's Showa Base recorded oscillations of up to a metre (3 ft 3 in), with disturbances lasting a couple of days.[49]

Some of the tsunami's energy escaped into the Pacific Ocean, where it produced small but measurable tsunamis along the western coasts of North and South America, typically around 20 to 40 cm (7.9 to 15.7 in).[50] At Manzanillo, Mexico, a 2.6 m (8 ft 6 in) crest-to-trough tsunami was measured. As well, the tsunami was large enough to be detected in Vancouver, which puzzled many scientists, as the tsunamis measured in some parts of South America were larger than those measured in some parts of the Indian Ocean. It has been theorized that the tsunamis were focused and directed at long ranges by the mid-ocean ridges which run along the margins of the continental plates.[51]

Early signs and warnings

Maximum recession of tsunami waters at Kata Noi Beach at 10:25 a.m., prior to the third—and strongest—tsunami wave

Despite a delay of up to several hours between the earthquake and the impact of the tsunami, nearly all of the victims were taken by surprise. There were no tsunami warning systems in the Indian Ocean to detect tsunamis or to warn the general population living around the ocean.[52] Tsunami detection is not easy because while a tsunami is in deep water, it has little height and a network of sensors is needed to detect it. Setting up the communications infrastructure to issue timely warnings is an even bigger problem, particularly in a relatively impoverished part of the world.

Tsunamis are more frequent in the Pacific Ocean than in other oceans because of earthquakes in the "Ring of Fire". Although the extreme western edge of the Ring of Fire extends into the Indian Ocean (the point where the earthquake struck), no warning system exists in that ocean. Tsunamis there are relatively rare despite earthquakes being relatively frequent in Indonesia. The last major tsunami was caused by the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa. Not every earthquake produces large tsunamis: on 28 March 2005, a magnitude 8.7 earthquake hit roughly the same area of the Indian Ocean but did not result in a major tsunami.

The first warning sign of a possible tsunami is the earthquake itself. However, tsunamis can strike thousands of kilometres away where the earthquake is felt only weakly or not at all. Also, in the minutes preceding a tsunami strike, the sea often recedes temporarily from the coast, something which was observed on the eastern side of the rupture zone of the earthquake such as around the coastlines of Aceh province, Phuket island, and Khao Lak area in Thailand, Penang island of Malaysia, and the Andaman and Nicobar islands. Around the Indian Ocean, this rare sight reportedly induced people, especially children, to visit the coast to investigate and collect stranded fish on as much as 2.5 km (1.6 mi) of exposed beach, with fatal results.[53] However, not all tsunamis cause this "disappearing sea" effect. In some cases, there are no warning signs at all: the sea will suddenly swell without retreating, surprising many people and giving them little time to flee.

Tsunami wave field in the Bay of Bengal an hour after the earthquake

One of the few coastal areas to evacuate ahead of the tsunami was on the Indonesian island of Simeulue, close to the epicentre. Island folklore recounted an earthquake and tsunami in 1907, and the islanders fled to inland hills after the initial shaking and before the tsunami struck. These tales and oral folklore from previous generations may have helped the survival of the inhabitants.[54] On Maikhao Beach in north Phuket City, Thailand, a 10-year-old British tourist named Tilly Smith had studied tsunamis in geography at school and recognised the warning signs of the receding ocean and frothing bubbles. She and her parents warned others on the beach, which was evacuated safely.[55] John Chroston, a biology teacher from Scotland, also recognised the signs at Kamala Bay north of Phuket, taking a busload of vacationers and locals to safety on higher ground.

Anthropologists had initially expected the aboriginal population of the Andaman Islands to be badly affected by the tsunami and even feared the already depopulated Onge tribe could have been wiped out.[56] Many of the aboriginal tribes evacuated and suffered fewer casualties, however.[57][58] Oral traditions developed from previous earthquakes helped the aboriginal tribes escape the tsunami. For example, the folklore of the Onges talks of "huge shaking of ground followed by high wall of water". Almost all of the Onge people seemed to have survived the tsunami.[59]

Indonesia

Tsunami inundation height can be seen on a house in Banda Aceh

The tsunami struck the west and north coasts of northern Sumatra, particularly in Aceh Province, Indonesia, during the early morning. At Ulee Lheue in Banda Aceh, a survivor[who?] described three waves, with the first wave rising only to the foundation of the buildings.

This was followed by a large withdrawal of the sea before the second and third waves hit.[60] The tsunami reached shore 15–20 minutes after the earthquake, and the second wave was bigger than the first. A local resident living at Banda Aceh stated that the wave was "higher than my house".[61] Another resident[who?]on the outskirt of the city said that the tsunami was "like a wall, very black" in colour and had a "distinct sound" getting louder as it neared the coast.[62]

The maximum runup height of the tsunami was measured at a hill between Lhoknga and Leupung, on the west coast of the northern tip of Sumatra, near Banda Aceh, and reached more than 30 m (100 ft).[6]

The tsunami heights in Sumatra:[63]

15–30 m (49–98 ft) on the west coast of Aceh

6–12 m (19.7–39.4 ft) on the Banda Aceh coast

6 m (19.7 ft) on the Krueng Raya coast

5 m (16.4 ft) on the Sigli coast

3–6 m (9.8–19.7 ft) on the north coast of Weh Island directly facing the tsunami source

3 m (9.8 ft) on the opposite side of the coast of Weh Island facing the tsunami

The tsunami height on the Banda Aceh coast was lower than half of that on the west coast. The tsunami height was reduced by half from 12 m (39.4 ft) at Ulee Lheue to 6 m (19.7 ft) a further 8 km (5.0 miles) to the northeast. The inundation was observed to lie 3–4 km (1.9–2.5 miles) inland throughout the city. Flow depths over the ground were observed to be over 9 m (29.5 ft) in the seaside section of Ulee Lheue and tapered landward.[citation needed]

The level of destruction was more extreme on the northwestern flank of the city in the areas immediately inland of the aquaculture ponds. The area toward the sea was wiped clean of nearly every structure, while closer to the river dense construction in a commercial district showed the effects of severe flooding. The flow depth was just at the level of the second floor, and there were large amounts of debris piled along the streets and in the ground-floor storefronts.[citation needed]

Apung 1, a 2,600 ton vessel, was flung some 2 to 3 km inland , a 2,600 ton vessel, was flung some 2 to 3 km inland

Within 2–3 km (1.2–1.9 miles) of the shoreline, houses, except for strongly-built reinforced concrete ones with brick walls, which seemed to have been partially damaged by the earthquake before the tsunami attack, were swept away or destroyed by the tsunami.[63][64]

Three small islands: Weh, Breueh, and Nasi, lie just north of the capital city. The tsunami effects on two of the islands, Breueh and Nasi were extreme, with a runup of 10–20 m (33–66 ft) on the west-facing shores. Coastal villages were destroyed by the tsunami waves. On Pulau Weh, however, the island experienced strong surges in the port of Sabang, yet there was little damage with a reported runup values of 3–5 m (9.8–16.4 ft), sheltered from the direct tsunami attack by the islands to the southwest.[64]

In Lhoknga, a town in Aceh Besar Regency, Aceh Special Region, on the western side of the island of Sumatra, 13 km (8.08 miles) southwest of Banda Aceh was flattened and destroyed by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami, where its population dwindled from 7,500 to 400. Tsunami waves were almost 30 m (98.4 ft) high. Eyewitnesses reported 10 to 12 waves, the second and third being the highest. The sea receded ten minutes after the earthquake and the first wave came rapidly landward from the southwest as a turbulent flow with depths ranging from 0.5 to 2.5 m (1.64–8.20 ft) high.[citation needed]

The second and third waves were 15–30 m (49.2–98.4 ft) high at the coast and were described as having an appearance like a surf wave (cobra-shaped) but "taller than the coconut trees" and "like a mountain".[65][copyright violation?] The second and third tsunami waves changed appearance from a surfing waveform to a huge tsunami bore, similar to tsunami witnessed in Khao Lak, Thailand.

Overturned cement carrier in Lhoknga

The second wave was the largest; it came from the west-southwest within five minutes of the first wave. The tsunami stranded cargo ships and barges and destroyed a cement factory near the Lampuuk coast.[6][66][67] Areas surveyed by scientists show runup heights of over 20 m (65.6 ft) on the northwest coast of Sumatra in Aceh Province with a maximum runup of 51 m (167.3 ft).[68]

In Meulaboh based on survivor testimonies[who?], the tsunami arrived after the sea receded about 500 m (0.31 miles), followed by an advancing small tsunami. The second and third destructive waves arrived later, which exceeded the height of the coconut trees. The inundation distance is about 5 km (3.1 miles).[69]

Such high and fast waves arising from the epicentre by a megathrust earthquake were later found to be due to splay faults, secondary faults arising due to cracking of the sea floor to just upwards in seconds, causing waves' speed and height to increase. A large slip of 30 m (98.4 ft) was estimated[by whom?] on the subfault off the west coast of Aceh Province. Another factor is subsidence at Banda Aceh (20–60 cm), Peukan Bada (>20 cm), Lhoknga and Leupung (>1.5 m).[63][incomplete short citation]

Other towns on Aceh's west coast hit by the disaster included Leupung, Lhokruet, Lamno, Patek, Calang, Teunom, and the island of Simeulue. Affected or destroyed towns on the region's north and east coast were Pidie Regency, Samalanga, Panteraja, and Lhokseumawe.[citation needed] The high fatality rate in the area was mainly due to unpreparedness. Helicopter surveys showed entire settlements virtually destroyed with destruction miles inland with only some mosques left standing.[citation needed]

Sri Lanka

Fishing boat stranded in Batticaloa

The tsunami first struck on the eastern coast and subsequently refracted around the southern point of Sri Lanka (Dondra Head). The refracted tsunami waves inundated the southwestern part of Sri Lanka after some of its energy reflected from impact with the Maldives.[70][incomplete short citation]Sri Lanka is located 1,700 km (1056.33 miles) from the epicenter and the tsunami source. The tsunami hit the entire coastline of Sri Lanka around 2 hours after the earthquake.

The first tsunami waves initially caused a small flood (positive wave) as it struck the Sri Lankan coastline. Moments later, the ocean floor was exposed to as much as 1 km (0.62 miles) in places due to drawback (negative wave), which was followed by a massive second tsunami wave. The construction of seawalls and breakwaters reduced the power of waves at some locations..

The largest run-up measured was at 12.5 m (41 ft) with inundation distance of 390 m to 1.5 km (0.242–0.932 miles) in Yala.[71] In Hambantota, tsunami run-ups measured 11 m (36.1 ft) with the greatest inundation distance of 2 km (1.24 miles). Tsunami run-up measurements along the Sri Lankan coasts are at 2.4–11 m (7.87–36.1 ft).[70][71] Tsunami waves measured on the east coast ranged from 4.5–9 m (14.8–29.5 ft) at Pottuvill to Batticaloa at 2.6–5 m (8.53–16.4 ft) in the northeast around Trincomalee and 4–5 m (13.1–16.4 ft) in the west coast from Moratuwa to Ambalangoda.

Sri Lanka tsunami height survey:

9 m (29.5 ft) at Koggala

6 m (19.7 ft) at Galle port

4.8 m (15.7 ft) around the Galle coast

8.7 m (28.6 ft) at Nonagama

4.9 m (16.1 ft) at Weligama

4 m (13.1 ft) at Dodundawa

4.7 m (15.4 ft) at Ambalangoda

4.7 m (15.4 ft) at Hikkaduwa Fishery Harbour

10 m (33 ft) at Kahawa

4.8 m (15.7 ft) at North Beach of Beruwala

6 m (19.7 ft) at Paiyagala

A regular passenger train operating between Maradana and Matara was derailed and overturned by the tsunami and claimed at least 1,700 lives, the largest single rail disaster death toll in history.[72] Estimates based on the state of the shoreline and a high-water mark on a nearby building place the tsunami 7.5–9 m (24.6 ft to 29.5 ft) above sea level and 2–3 m (6.6 ft to 9.8 ft) higher than the top of the train.

In Sri Lanka, the civilian casualties were second only to those in Indonesia. The eastern shores of Sri Lanka were hardest hit since they face the epicenter of the earthquake. The southwestern shores were hit later, but the death toll was just as severe. The southwestern shores are a hotspot for tourists and fishing. [73][incomplete short citation] The degradation of the natural environment in Sri Lanka contributed to the high death tolls. Approximately 90,000 buildings, many wooden houses, were destroyed.[73]

Thailand

The tsunami hit the southwest coast of southern Thailand, which was about 500 km (310.69 miles) from the epicenter. The region is heavily visited by foreigners during the Christmas season. Since the tsunami hit during high tide, its damage was severe. Approximately 5,400 people were killed and 3,100 people were reported missing. The places where the tsunami struck were Phang Nga Province, Phuket, the Phi Phi Islands, Ko Racha Yai, Ko Lanta Yai and Ao Nang of Krabi Province, offshore archipelagos like the Surin Islands, the Similan Islands, and coastal areas of Satun, Ranong, and Trang.[citation needed]

Thailand experienced the largest tsunami run-up height outside of Sumatra, at Khao Lak and Takua Pa District that face the Andaman Sea. The tsunami heights recorded:[74][75]

6–10 m (19.7–32.8 ft) in Khao Lak

3–6 m (9.8–19.7 ft) along the west coast of Phuket island

3 m (9.8 ft) along the south coast of Phuket island

2 m (6.6 ft) along the east coast of Phuket island

4–6 m (13.1–19.7 ft) on the Phi Phi Islands

19.6 m (64.3 ft) at Ban Thung Dap

5 m (16.4 ft) at Ramson

6.8 m (22.3 ft) at Ban Thale Nok

5 m (16.4 ft) at Hat Praphat (Ranong Coastal Resources Research Station)

6.3 m (20.7 ft) at Thai Mueang District

6.8 m (22.3 ft) at Rai Dan

The province of Phang Nga was the most affected area in Thailand. The northern part of Phang Nga Province is rural, with fishery and agricultural villages while the central part has several resort hotels. Khao Lak is in the south of Phang Nga Province with many luxury hotels, popular with foreign tourists. Khao Lak was hit by the tsunami after 10:00 and had the largest death toll in Thailand.[76] A maximum inundation of approximately 2 km (1.2 miles) and the inundated depths were 4–7 m (13–23 ft) in Khao Lak, inundating the third floor of a resort hotel. Tsunami heights in Khao Lak were much higher than on Phuket Island. The reason for the difference seems to have been caused by the local bathymetry off Khao Lak. According to interviews, the leading wave produced an initial depression, called a tsunami drawback or "disappearing sea" effect and the second wave was larger.[74][page needed]

Tsunami wave striking the Phuket coast

The highest recorded tsunami run-up measured 19.6 m (64.3 ft) at Ban Thung Dap, on the southwest tip of Ko Phra Thong Island and the second highest at 15.8 m (51.8 ft) at Ban Nam Kim.[75]

At Phuket island, many west coast beaches were affected. At Patong Beach, a tourist mecca, tsunami heights were 5–6 m (16.4–19.7 ft) and the inundated depth was about 2 m (6.6 ft). Tsunami heights became lower from the west coast, the south coast to the east coast of the island. On Karon Beach on the west coast, the coastal road was built higher than the shore, protecting a hotel which was behind it. On the east coast of Phuket Island, the tsunami height was about 2 m (6.6 ft). In one river mouth, many boats were damaged. The tsunami moved counter-clockwise around Phuket Island, as was the case at Okushiri Island in the 1993 Hokkaido earthquake. According to interviews, the leading wave produced an initial depression and the second wave was the largest.[74]

The Phi Phi Islands are a group of small islands that were affected by the tsunami. The north bay of Phi Phi Don Island opens to the northwest in the direction of the tsunami. The measured tsunami height on this beach was 5.8 m (19.0 ft). According to some eyewitness accounts, the tsunami came from the north and south. The ground level was about 2 m (6.6 ft) above sea level and there were many cottages and hotels. The south bay opens to the southeast and faces in the opposite direction from the tsunami. Further, Phi Phi Le Island shields the port of Phi Phi Don Island. The measured tsunami height was 4.6 m (15.1 ft) in the port.[74]

India

The tsunami arrived in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu along the southeast coast of the Indian mainland shortly after 9:00 a.m. At least two hours later, it arrived in the state of Kerala along the southwest coast. Tamil Nadu, the union territory of Pondicherry and Kerala were extensively damaged, while Andhra Pradesh sustained moderate damage. There were two to five waves of varying height that coincided with the local high tide in some areas.[77][78][79][80]

The tsunami run-up was only 1.6 m (5.2 ft) in areas in the state of Tamil Nadu shielded by the island of Sri Lanka, but was 4–5 m (13.1–16.4 ft) in coastal districts such as Nagapattinam in Tamil Nadu directly across from Sumatra. On the western coast, the runup elevations were 4.5 m (14.8 ft) at Kanyakumari District in Tamil Nadu, and 3.4 m (11.2 ft) each at Kollam and Ernakulam Districts in Kerala. The time between the waves varied from about 15 minutes to 90 minutes.[77][79][81] The tsunami varied in height from 2–10 m (6.6–33 ft) based on survivor's accounts.[80]

Destruction in Chennai

The tsunami runup height measured in mainland India by Ministry of Home Affairs includes:[80]

3.4 m (11.2 ft) at Kerala, inundation distance of 0.5–1.5 km (0.31–0.62 miles) with 250 km (155.3 miles) of coastline affected

4.5 m (14.8 ft) at southern coastline of Tamil Nadu, inundation distance of 0.2–2.0 km (0.12–1.24 miles) with 100 km (62.1 miles) of coast affected

5 m (16.4 ft) at eastern coastline of Tamil Nadu facing tsunami source, inundation distance of 0.4–1.5 km (0.25–0.93 miles) with 800 km (497 miles) of coastline affected

4 m (13.1 ft) at Pondicherry, inundation distance of 0.2–2.0 km (0.12–1.24 miles) with 25 km (15.5 miles) of coast affected

2.2 m (7.22 ft) at Andhra Pradesh, inundation distance of 0.2–1.0 km (0.12–0.62 miles) with 985 km (612 miles) of coast

The tsunami traveled 2.5 km (1.55 miles) at its maximum inland at Karaikal, Puducherry.[80] The inundation distance varied between 100–500 m (0.062 miles-0.311 miles) in most areas, except at river mouths, where it was more than 1 km (0.62 miles). Areas with dense coconut groves or mangroves had much smaller inundation distances, and those with river mouths or backwaters saw larger inundation distances.[citation needed] Presence of seawalls at the Kerala and Tamil Nadu coasts reduced the impact of the waves. However, when the seawalls were made of loose stones, the stones were displaced and carried a few metres inland.[77][79][81]

The state of Kerala experienced tsunami-related damage in three southern densely populated districts, Ernakulam, Alappuzha, and Kollam, due to diffraction of the waves around Sri Lanka. The southernmost district of Thiruvananthpuram, however, escaped damage, possibly due to the wide turn of the diffracted waves at the peninsular tip. Major damage occurred in two narrow strips of land bound on the west by the Arabian Sea and on the east by the Kerala backwaters. The waves receded before the first tsunami with the highest fatality reported from the densely populated Alappad panchayat (including the villages of Cheriya Azhikkal and Azhikkal) at Kollam district, caused by a 4 m (13.1 ft) tsunami.[80]

The worst affected area in Tamil Nadu was Nagapattinam district, with 6,051 fatalities reported by a 5 m (16.4 ft) tsunami, followed by Cuddalore district, with many villages destroyed.[80] The 13 km (8.1 miles) Marina Beach in Chennai was battered by the tsunami which swept across the beach taking morning walkers unaware. Besides that, a 10 m (33 ft) black muddy tsunami ravaged the city of Karaikal, where 492 lives were lost. The city of Pondicherry, protected by seawalls was relatively unscathed.[80]

Many villages in the state of Andhra Pradesh were destroyed. In the Krishna district, the tsunami created havoc in Manginapudi and on Machalipattanam Beach. The most affected was Prakasham District, recording 35 deaths, with maximum damage at Singraikonda.[80] Given the enormous power of the tsunami, the fishing industry suffered the greatest. Moreover, the cost of damage in the transport sector was reported in the tens of thousands.[80]

The tsunami effects varied greatly across different coastal areas according to the number of waves experienced, the inundation distance and height of waves, and the population density of the area, and topological and geographical features. Besides these factors, the number of lives lost was influenced by exposure to previous disasters and the local disaster management capability. Most of the people killed were members of the fishing community.[80]

The tsunami arrived in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands minutes after the earthquake causing extensive devastation to the islands' environment. Specifically, the Andaman Islands were moderately affected while the island of Little Andaman and the Nicobar Islands were severely affected by the tsunami. The tsunami survey was carried out in Little Andaman, South Andaman, mainly in and around Port Blair, Car Nicobar along the Kankana-Mus sector, and Great Nicobar.[82]

In South Andaman, based on local eyewitnesses, there were three tsunami waves. Of the three, the third was the most devastating. Flooding occurred at the coastlines of the islands and low-lying areas inland, connected to open sea through creeks. Inundation was observed, along east coast of South Andaman Island, restricted to Chidiyatapu, Burmanallah, Kodiaghat, Beadnabad, Corbyn's cove and Marina Park/Aberdeen Jetty areas. Along the west coast, the inundation was observed around Guptapara, Manjeri, Wandoor, Collinpur and Tirur regions. Several near shore establishments and numerous infrastructures such as seawalls and a 20 MW diesel generated power plant at Bamboo Flat were extensively damaged.[82]

Results of the tsunami survey in South Andaman along Chiriyatapu, Corbyn's Cove and Wandoor beaches:[citation needed]

5.0 m (16.4 ft) in maximum tsunami height with a run-up of 4.24 m (13.9 ft) at Chiriyatapu Beach

5.5 m (18 ft) in maximum tsunami height and run-up at Corbyn's Cove Beach

6.6 m (21.8 ft) in maximum tsunami height and run-up of 4.63 m (15.2 ft) at Wandoor Beach

Meanwhile, in the Little Andaman, tsunami waves impinged on the eastern shore of this island 25 to 30 minutes after the earthquake in a four-wave cycle of which the fourth one was most devastating with a wave height of about 10 m (33 ft). The tsunami water destroyed settlements at Hut Bay within a range of 1 km from the seashore. Run up level up to 3.3 m (10.8 ft) have been measured.[82]

In Malacca located on the island of Car Nicobar, there were three tsunami waves. The first wave came 5 minutes after the earthquake, preceded by recession of the seawater up to 600–700 m (1969–2297 ft).[citation needed] The second and third waves came in 10 minutes intervals after the first wave. The third wave was the strongest, with a maximum tsunami wave height of 11 m (36 ft). Waves nearly 3 stories high devastated the Indian Air Force base, located just south of Malacca. The maximum tsunami wave height of 11 m (36 ft).[citation needed] Inundation limit was found to be up to 1.25 km (4101 ft) inland. The impact of the waves was so severe that four Oil tankers of IOC were thrown almost 800 m (2624 ft) from the seashore near Malacca to Air force colony main gate.[82] In Chuckchucha and Lapati, the tsunami arrived in a three wave cycle with a maximum tsunami wave height of 12 m (39 ft).

In Campbell Bay of Great Nicobar island, the tsunami waves hit the area three times with an inundation limit of 250–550 m (820–1804 ft). The first wave came within 5 minutes of the earthquake. The second and third waves came 10 minute intervals after first. The second wave was the strongest. Deadly tsunami waves wreaked havoc in this densely populated Jogindar Nagar area, situated 13 km south of Campbell Bay.[citation needed] According to local information,[attribution needed] tsunami waves attacked the area three times. The first wave came 5 minutes after the main shock (0629 hrs.) with a marginal drop in sea level. The second wave came 10 minutes after the first one with a maximum height of 4.8 m (15.9 ft) and caused the major destruction. The third wave came within 15 minutes after the second with a lower wave height. The maximum inundation limit due to tsunami water was about 500 m (0.5 km).[82]

The worst affected island in the Andaman & Nicobar chain is Katchall Island with 303 people confirmed dead and 4,354 missing out of a total population of 5,312.[83][84][85]

At Port Blair the water receded before the first wave, and the third wave was the tallest and caused the most damage. However, at Hut Bay, Malacca and Campbell Bay—locations south of Port Blair—the water level rose by about 1–2 m (3.3–6.6 ft) from the normal sea level before the first wave crashed ashore.[citation needed]

Reports of tsunami wave height:[86][87]

1.5 m (4.9 ft) at Diglipur and Rangat at North Andaman Island

8 m (26.2 ft) high at Campbell Bay on Great Nicobar Island

10–12 m (32.8–39.4 ft) high at Malacca (in Car Nicobar Island) and at Hut Bay on Little Andaman Island

3 m (9.8 ft) high at Port Blair on South Andaman Island

The significant shielding of Port Blair and Campbell Bay by steep mountainous outcrops contributed to the relatively low wave heights at these locations, whereas the open terrain along the eastern coast at Malacca and Hut Bay contributed to the great height of the tsunami waves [84][88]

Maldives

The tsunami severely affected the Maldives at a distance of 2,500 km (1553.4 miles) from the epicenter. Identically to Sri Lanka, survivors reported three waves with the second wave being the most powerful. Being rich in coral reefs, the Maldives provides an opportunity for scientists to assess the impact of a tsunami on coral atolls. The significantly lower tsunami impact on the Maldives compared to Sri Lanka is largely due to the topography and bathymetry of the atoll chain with offshore coral reefs, deep channels separating individual atolls and its arrival within low tide which decreased the power of the tsunami. After the tsunami, there were some concern that the country might be totally submerged and become uninhabitable. However, this was proven untrue. The largest tsunami wave measured was 4 m (13.1 ft) at Vilufushi Island (Thaa Atoll). The tsunami arrived approximately 2 hours after the earthquake. The greatest tsunami inundation occurred at North Male Atoll, Male island at 250 m (0.155 miles) along the streets. The Maldives tsunami wave analysis:

1.3–2.4 m (4.27–7.87 ft) at North Male Atoll, Male Island

2 m (6.56 ft) at North Male Atoll, Huhule Island

1.7–2.8 m (5.58–9.2 ft) at South Male Atoll, Embudhu Finothu

2.5–3.3 m (8.2–10.8 ft) at Laamu Atoll, Fonadhoo Island

2.2–2.9 m (7.2–9.51 ft) at Laamu Atoll, Gan Island

2.3–3.0 m (7.5–9.8 ft) at North Male Atoll, Dhiffushi Island

2.2–2.4 m (7.2–7.87 ft) at North Male Atoll, Huraa Island

more than 1.5 m (4.92 ft) at North Male Atoll, Kuda Huraa Island

Myanmar

In Myanmar, the tsunami caused only moderate damage, which arrived between 2 and 5.5 hours after the earthquake. Although the country's western Andaman Sea coastline lies at the proximity of the rupture zone, there were smaller tsunamis than the neighboring Thai coast, probably because the main tsunami source did not extend to the Andaman Islands. Another factor is that some coasts of Taninthayi Division was protected by offshore islands of the Myeik Archipelago. Based on scientific surveys from Ayeyarwaddy Delta through Taninthayi Division, it is revealed that tsunami heights along the Myanmar coast were between 0.4–2.9 m (1.3–9.5 ft). Eyewitnesses often compared the December tsunami heights with the "rainy season high tide"; although at most locations, the tsunami height was similar or smaller than the "rainy season high tide" level.[89]

Tsunami survey heights:[citation needed]

0.6–2.3 m (1.97–7.54 ft) around the Ayeyarwady delta

0.9–2.9 m (2.95–9.5 ft) at Dawei area

0.7–2.2 m (2.3–7.2 ft) around Myeik

0.4–2.6 m (1.3–8.5 ft) around Kawthaung

Interviews with local people indicate that they did not feel the earthquake in Taninthayi Division or in Ayeyarwaddy Delta. The 71 casualties can be attributed to poor housing infrastructure and additionally, the fact that the coastal residents in the surveyed areas live on flat land along the coast, especially in the Ayeyarwaddy Delta, and that there is no higher ground to evacuate to. The tsunami heights from the 2004 December earthquake were not more than 3 m (9.8 ft) along the Myanmar coast, the amplitudes are slightly large off the Ayeyarwaddy Delta, probably because the shallow delta cause a concentration in tsunami energy.[89]

Somalia

The tsunami travelled 5000 km (3106.86 miles) west across the open ocean before striking the East African country of Somalia. Around 289 fatalities were reported in the Horn of Africa, drowned by four tsunami waves. The hardest hit was a 650 km (403.9 miles) stretch of the Somalia coastline between Garacad (Mudug region) and Xaafuun (Bari region), which forms part of the Puntland Province. Most of the victims were reported along the low-lying Xaafuun Peninsula.[90] The Puntland coast in northern Somalia was by far the area hardest hit by the waves to the west of the Indian subcontinent. The waves arrived around noon local time.[90]

Consequently, tsunami runup heights vary from 5 m (16.4 ft) to 9 m (29.5 ft) with inundation distances varying from 44 m (0.027 miles) to 704 m (0.44 miles). The maximum runup height of almost 9 m (29.5 ft) was recorded in Bandarbeyla. An even higher runup point was measured on a cliff near the town of Eyl, solely on an eyewitness account.

The highest death toll was in Xaafuun, also known as Hafun, with 19 bodies and 160 people presumed missing out of its 5000 inhabitants, which amounts to the highest number of casualties in a single African town and the largest tsunami death toll in a single town to the west of the Indian subcontinent. In Xaafuun, small drawbacks were observed before the third and most powerful tsunami flood the town.[90]

Other locations

The tsunami also reached Malaysia, mainly on the northern states such as Kedah, Perak and Penang and on offshore islands such as Langkawi island. Peninsular Malaysia was shielded by the full force of the tsunami due to the protection offered by the island of Sumatra, which lies just off the western coast.[91]

In Bangladesh, escaped major damage and deaths because the water displaced by the strike-slip fault was relatively little on the northern section of the rupture zone, which ruptured slowly. In Yemen, the tsunami killed 2 people with a maximum runup of 2 m (6.6 ft).[92]

The tsunami was detected in the southern parts of east Africa, where rough seas were reported, specifically on the eastern and southern coasts that face the Indian Ocean. A few other African countries also recorded fatalities; one in Kenya, three in Seychelles, ten in Tanzania, and South Africa, where two were killed as a direct result of tsunami—the furthest from the epicentre.[93][94]

Tidal surges also occurred along the Western Australian coast that lasted for several hours, resulting in boats losing their moorings and two people needing to be rescued.[95]

Impact

Countries affected

Countries affected

According to the U.S. Geological Survey a total of 227,898 people died.[1] Measured in lives lost, this is one of the ten worst earthquakes in recorded history, as well as the single worst tsunami in history. Indonesia was the worst affected area, with most death toll estimates at around 170,000.[96] In an initial report by Siti Fadilah Supari, the Indonesian Minister of Health at the time, estimated the death total to be as high as 220,000 in Indonesia alone, giving a total of 280,000 fatalities.[97] However, the estimated number of dead and missing in Indonesia were later reduced by over 50,000. In their report, the Tsunami Evaluation Coalition stated, "It should be remembered that all such data are subject to error, as data on missing persons especially are not always as good as one might wish".[7] A much higher number of deaths has been suggested for Myanmar based on reports from Thailand.[98]

The tsunami caused serious damage and deaths as far as the east coast of Africa, with the furthest recorded fatality directly attributed to the tsunami at Rooi-Els, close to Cape Town, 8,000 km (5,000 mi) from the epicenter. In total, eight people in South Africa died due to high sea levels and waves.[citation needed]

Relief agencies reported that one-third of the dead appeared to be children. This was a result of the high proportion of children in the populations of many of the affected regions and because children were the least able to resist being overcome by the surging waters. Oxfam went on to report that as many as four times more women than men were killed in some regions because they were waiting on the beach for the fishermen to return and looking after their children in the houses.[99]

States of emergency were declared in Sri Lanka, Indonesia, and the Maldives. The United Nations estimated at the outset that the relief operation would be the costliest in human history.[citation needed] Then-UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan stated that reconstruction would probably take between five and ten years. Governments and non-governmental organizations feared that the final death toll might double as a result of diseases, prompting a massive humanitarian response.[citation needed]

In addition to a large number of local residents, up to 9,000 foreign tourists (mostly Europeans) enjoying the peak holiday travel season were among the dead or missing, especially people from the Nordic countries.[citation needed] The European nation hardest hit was Sweden, with a death toll of 543. Germany was close behind with 539 identified victims.

Economic impact

The level of damage to the economy resulting from the tsunami depends on the scale examined. While local economies were devastated, the overall impact to the national economies was minor. The two main occupations affected by the tsunami were fishing and tourism.[117] The impact on coastal fishing communities and the people living there, some of the poorest in the region, has been devastating with high losses of income earners as well as boats and fishing gear.[118][incomplete short citation] In Sri Lanka artisanal fishery, where the use of fish baskets, fishing traps, and spears are commonly used, is an important source of fish for local markets; industrial fishery is the major economic activity, providing direct employment to about 250,000 people. In recent years the fishery industry has emerged as a dynamic export-oriented sector, generating substantial foreign exchange earnings. Preliminary estimates indicate that 66% of the fishing fleet and industrial infrastructure in coastal regions have been destroyed by the wave surges, which will have adverse economic effects both at local and national levels.[119][incomplete short citation]

While the tsunami destroyed many of the boats vital to Sri Lanka's fishing industry, it also created demand for fiberglass reinforced plastic catamarans in boatyards of Tamil Nadu. Since over 51,000 vessels were lost to the tsunami, the industry boomed. However, the huge demand has led to lower quality in the process, and some important materials were sacrificed to cut prices for those who were impoverished by the tsunami.[120]

Some economists believe that damage to the affected national economies will be minor because losses in the tourism and fishing industries are a relatively small percentage of the GDP. However, others caution that damage to infrastructure is an overriding factor. In some areas drinking water supplies and farm fields may have been contaminated for years by salt water from the ocean.[121] Even though only coastal regions were directly affected by the waters of the tsunami, the indirect effects have spread to inland provinces as well. Since the media coverage of the event was so extensive, many tourists cancelled vacations and trips to that part of the world, even though their travel destinations may not have been affected. This ripple effect could especially be felt in the inland provinces of Thailand, such as Krabi, which acted like a starting point for many other tourist destinations in Thailand.[122]

Both the earthquake and the tsunami may have affected shipping in the Malacca Straits, which separate Malaysia and the Indonesian island of Sumatra, by changing the depth of the seabed and by disturbing navigational buoys and old shipwrecks. In one area of the Strait, water depths were previously up to 4,000 feet (1,200 m), and are now only 100 feet (30 m) in some areas, making shipping impossible and dangerous. These problems also made the delivery of relief aid more challenging. Compiling new navigational charts may take months or years. However, officials hope that piracy in the region will drop off as a result of the tsunami.[123]

Countries in the region appealed to tourists to return, pointing out that most tourist infrastructure is undamaged. However, tourists were reluctant to do so for psychological reasons. Even beach resorts in parts of Thailand which were untouched by the tsunami were hit by cancellations.[124]

Environmental impact

Beyond the heavy toll on human lives, the Indian Ocean earthquake has caused an enormous environmental impact that will affect the region for many years to come. It has been reported that severe damage has been inflicted on ecosystems such as mangroves, coral reefs, forests, coastal wetlands, vegetation, sand dunes and rock formations, animal and plant biodiversity and groundwater. In addition, the spread of solid and liquid waste and industrial chemicals, water pollution and the destruction of sewage collectors and treatment plants threaten the environment even further, in untold ways. The environmental impact will take a long time and significant resources to assess.[125]

According to specialists, the main effect is being caused by poisoning of the freshwater supplies and of the soil by saltwater infiltration and a deposit of a salt layer over arable land. It has been reported that in the Maldives, 16 to 17 coral reef atolls that were overcome by sea waves are without fresh water and could be rendered uninhabitable for decades. Uncountable wells that served communities were invaded by sea, sand, and earth; and aquifers were invaded through porous rock. Salted-over soil becomes sterile, and it is difficult and costly to restore for agriculture. It also causes the death of plants and important soil micro-organisms. Thousands of rice, mango, and banana plantations in Sri Lanka were destroyed almost entirely and will take years to recover. On the island's east coast, the tsunami contaminated wells on which many villagers relied for drinking water. The Colombo-based International Water Management Institute monitored the effects of saltwater and concluded that the wells recovered to pre-tsunami drinking water quality one and a half years after the event.[126] IWMI developed protocols for cleaning wells contaminated by saltwater; these were subsequently officially endorsed by the World Health Organization as part of its series of Emergency Guidelines.[127]

The United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) is working with governments of the region in order to determine the severity of the ecological impact and how to address it.[needs update][128] UNEP has decided to earmark a US$1,000,000 emergency fund and to establish a Task Force to respond to requests for technical assistance from countries affected by the tsunami.[129] In response to a request from the Maldivian Government, the Australian Government sent ecological experts to help restore marine environments and coral reefs—the lifeblood of Maldivian tourism. Much of the ecological expertise has been rendered from work with the Great Barrier Reef, in Australia's northeastern waters.

Historical context

2004 1833 2005 1861 2007 1797 w , six occurred near Sumatra Of the ten strongest Indonesian earthquakes ≥ 8.3 M, six occurred near Sumatra

The last major tsunami in the Indian Ocean was about A.D. 1400.[130][131] In 2008, a team of scientists working on Phra Thong, a barrier island along the hard-hit west coast of Thailand, reported evidence of at least three previous major tsunamis in the preceding 2,800 years, the most recent from about 700 years ago. A second team found similar evidence of previous tsunamis in Aceh, a province at the northern tip of Sumatra; radiocarbon dating of bark fragments in soil below the second sand layer led the scientists to estimate that the most recent predecessor to the 2004 tsunami probably occurred between A.D. 1300 and 1450.[132]

The 2004 earthquake and tsunami combined is the world's deadliest natural disaster since the 1976 Tangshan earthquake. The earthquake was the third most powerful earthquake recorded since 1900. The deadliest known earthquake in history occurred in 1556 in Shaanxi, China, with an estimated death toll of 830,000, though figures from this period may not be as reliable.[133]

Before 2004, the tsunami created in both Indian and Pacific Ocean waters by the 1883 eruption of Krakatoa, thought to have resulted in anywhere from 36,000 to 120,000 deaths, had probably been the deadliest in the region. In 1782 about 40,000 people are thought to have been killed by a tsunami (or a cyclone) in the South China Sea.[134] The most deadly tsunami before 2004 was Italy's 1908 Messina earthquake on the Mediterranean Sea where the earthquake and tsunami killed about 123,000.[135]

Other effects

Tsunami aftermath in Aceh, Indonesia

Many health professionals and aid workers have reported widespread psychological trauma associated with the tsunami. Traditional beliefs in many of the affected regions state that a relative of the family must bury the body of the dead, and in many cases, no body remained to be buried. Women in Aceh required a special approach from foreign aid agencies, and continue to have unique needs.[citation needed]

The hardest hit area, Aceh, is a religiously conservative Islamic society and has had no tourism nor any Western presence in recent years due to the Insurgency in Aceh between the Indonesian military and Free Aceh Movement. Some believe that the tsunami was divine punishment for lay Muslims shirking their daily prayers and/or following a materialistic lifestyle. Others have said that Allah was angry that there were Muslims killing other Muslims in an ongoing conflict.[136] Saudi cleric Muhammad Al-Munajjid attributed it to divine retribution against non-Muslim vacationers "who used to sprawl all over the beaches and in pubs overflowing with wine" during Christmas break.[137][incomplete short citation]

The widespread devastation caused by the tsunami led the Free Aceh Movement to declare a cease-fire on 28 December 2004 followed by the Indonesian government, and the two groups resumed long-stalled peace talks, which resulted in a peace agreement signed 15 August 2005. The agreement explicitly cites the tsunami as a justification.[138]

In a poll conducted in 27 countries, 15 percent of respondents named the tsunami the most significant event of the year. Only the Iraq War was named by as many respondents.[139][140] The extensive international media coverage of the tsunami, and the role of mass media and journalists in reconstruction, were discussed by editors of newspapers and broadcast media in tsunami-affected areas, in special video-conferences set up by the Asia Pacific Journalism Centre.[141]

The tsunami left both the people and government of India in a state of heightened alert. On 30 December 2004, four days after the tsunami, Terra Research notified the India government that its sensors indicated there was a possibility of 7.9 to 8.1 magnitude tectonic shift in the next 12 hours between[Sumatra and New Zealand.[142] In response, the Indian Minister of Home Affairs announced that a fresh onslaught of deadly tsunami were likely along the India southern coast and Andaman and Nicobar Islands, even as there was no sign of turbulence in the region.[142] The announcement generated panic in the Indian Ocean region and caused thousands to flee their homes, which resulted in jammed roads.[143] The announcement was a false alarm and the Home Affairs minister withdrew their announcement.[143] On further investigation, the India government learned that the consulting company Terra Research was run from the home of a self-described earthquake forecaster who had no telephone listing and maintained a website where he sold copies of his detection system.[144][incomplete short citation]

Patong Beach in Thailand after the tsunami

The tsunami had a severe humanitarian and political impact in Sweden. The hardest hit country outside Asia, Sweden, lost 543 tourists, mainly in Thailand. The Persson Cabinet was heavily criticized for its inaction.[citation needed]

Smith Dharmasaroja, a meteorologist who predicted the tsunami before it hit, was assigned the development of the Thai tsunami warning system. The Indian Ocean Tsunami warning system was formed in early 2005 to provide an early warning of tsunamis for inhabitants around the Indian Ocean coasts.[145][incomplete short citation]

The changes in the distribution of masses inside the Earth due to the earthquake had several consequences. It displaced the North Pole by 2.5 cm. It also slightly changed the shape of the Earth, specifically by decreasing Earth's oblateness by about one part in 10 billion, consequentially increasing Earth's rotation a little and thus shortening the length of the day by 2.68 microseconds.[146]

Humanitarian response

A great deal of humanitarian aid was needed because of widespread damage of the infrastructure, shortages of food and water, and economic damage. Epidemics were of special concern due to the high population density and tropical climate of the affected areas. The main concern of humanitarian and government agencies was to provide sanitation facilities and fresh drinking water to contain the spread of diseases such as cholera, diphtheria, dysentery, typhoid and hepatitis A and hepatitis B.

There was also a great concern that the death toll could increase as disease and hunger spread. However, because of the initial quick response, this was minimized.[147]

In the days following the tsunami, significant effort was spent in burying bodies hurriedly due to fear of disease spreading. However, the public health risks may have been exaggerated, and therefore this may not have been the best way to allocate resources. The World Food Programme provided food aid to more than 1.3 million people affected by the tsunami.[148]

Nations all over the world provided over US$14 billion in aid for damaged regions,[149] with the governments of Australia pledging US$819.9 million (including a US$760.6-million aid package for Indonesia), Germany offering US$660 million, Japan offering US$500 million, Canada offering US$343 million, Norway and the Netherlands offering both US$183 million, the United States offering US$35 million initially (increased to US$350 million), and the World Bank offering US$250 million. Also Italy offered US$95 million, increased later to US$113 million of which US$42 million was donated by the population using the SMS system[150]

Memorial dedicated to victims of the tsunami, Batticaloa , eastern Sri Lanka

According to USAID, the US has pledged additional funds in long-term U.S. support to help the tsunami victims rebuild their lives. On 9 February 2005, President Bush asked Congress to increase the U.S. commitment to a total of US$950 million. Officials estimated that billions of dollars would be needed. Bush also asked his father, former President George H. W. Bush, and former President Bill Clinton to lead a U.S. effort to provide private aid to the tsunami victims.[151]

In mid-March the Asian Development Bank reported that over US$4 billion in aid promised by governments was behind schedule. Sri Lanka reported that it had received no foreign government aid, while foreign individuals had been generous.[152] Many charities were given considerable donations from the public. For example, in the United Kingdom the public donated roughly £330,000,000 sterling (nearly US$600,000,000). This considerably outweighed the donation by the government and came to an average of about £5.50 (US$10) donated by every citizen.[citation needed]

In August 2006, fifteen local aid staff working on post-tsunami rebuilding were found executed in northeast Sri Lanka after heavy fighting, the main umbrella body for aid agencies in the country said.[citation needed]

In popular culture

Film and television

Literature

The Killing Sea (2006), two teenagers struggle to survive in the days after the tsunami

(2006), two teenagers struggle to survive in the days after the tsunami Wave (2013), a memoir by Sonali Deraniyagala

Music

"12/26" by Kimya Dawson, about the event and the humanitarian efforts, from the perspective of a victim whose family died in the disaster

See also<|endoftext|>Army parade boots falling apart in hot weather

Updated

The Australian Defence Force has admitted the rubber soles are falling off the Chinese-made dress boots that soldiers are expected to wear for official parades.

Defence officials have told Senate estimates the problems began in 2008 when the tender to make the boots was won by a Chinese company.

Defence had sent the boots back to the manufacturer for extra stitching and nails to try and hold them together.

But officials say the glue is still failing in hot conditions.

Senator Ian Macdonald told estimates he witnessed a number of boot malfunctions at a parade in Townsville this month.

"I say in jest but seriously this parade the other day was a shortish distance as far as parades go and I do fear that if it had been for the normal length of the Anzac parade, no-one would have had shoes on at the end of it," he said.

ADF Chief General David Hurley said he had encountered similar scenes in Darwin.

"I think we've identified a trend," he said.

"[We need to] work to get a better solution because we agree completely, it's unacceptable for our soldiers to be walking around with boots that the soles fall off."

Topics: army, defence-forces, defence-and-national-security, australia, townsville-4810, qld, darwin-0800, nt

First posted<|endoftext|>Three suspects were at large after robbing a jewelry store at a Riverside mall, causing a massive police response Sunday night.Riverside police said the masked suspects used sledgehammers and axes to smash cases and grab items at the Ben Bridge jewelry store around 6:30 p.m. in the Galleria at Tyler. SWAT members from Rialto, Riverside County sheriff's deputies and other law enforcement agencies from surrounding areas also arrived at the scene.Witnesses at the scene were terrified and reported hearing shots fired in the area, but authorities believe the smashing glass sounds may have caused people to mistake the noise for gunfire.The mall was temporarily locked down based on initial reports of a shooting at the site. Officers then searched the mall and learned the suspects had fled the scene.During the lock down, witness Marisol Perez said she was inside Bath & Body Works."Everybody was crying and holding each other, so I'm just glad we're all OK," she said in tears.The store manager tried to keep everyone calm, but Perez feared the worse and messaged her family members.Once the lock down was listed, many who had been inside the mall were shaken as the ordeal happened only days after the deadly San Bernardino attack.The investigation was ongoing as the suspects remained at large.Anyone with information is asked to call Detective Mike Medici at (951) 353-7104.<|endoftext|>And when I say “we,” I think I speak for more than just the liberal Democrats who’ve favored Obama in his bid for the presidency. I think I speak also for vast segments of independent and Republican voters who saw in Obama a reassuring, even self-flattering transcendence of race.

We wanted his success at the polls to put the politics of bigotry and of grievance in their respective places. We wanted him to show that the majority of Americans have moved beyond fear, mistrust, polarization and resentment and can, at last, in the hopeful words of Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., judge people not on the color of their skin but on the content of their character.

We didn’t want Barack Obama to start a national conversation about race. We wanted him to end it.

And, sure, ours was a naïve desire.

Not only is race too complex an issue to be settled by the rise of one candidate, but Obama himself is too complex a man to float serenely above it. Years ago, he wrote an autobiography that wrestled with his identity and anger, and it should come as no surprise that his bond with the occasionally incendiary retiring pastor of his Afrocentric Chicago church defies easy understanding.

I’m not sure I understand it myself.

Over the past week, I’ve had numerous conversations with friends and readers of all persuasions who are wondering—some in sorrow, some with triumphant scorn—why Obama didn’t act years ago to defuse the obvious political time bomb contained in the rhetoric of Rev. Jeremiah Wright.

Even those who, like me, are inclined to draw a sharp distinction between what Obama believes and what his longtime pastor believes, still shake their heads wondering why he didn’t begin creating distance from Wright back in 2003 when he began running for the U.S. Senate.

Yes, the two were like family in some ways, and Wright, his scorching excesses in the pulpit notwithstanding, is a brilliant man whose church has done considerable good on the South Side. But still .....

You don’t have to be a knuckle-dragging racist to doubt Obama’s judgment here and to wonder why voters should believe he can elevate the tone in America when he apparently couldn’t even do so in his own house of worship.

I don’t mean to argue the point either way today, only to say that I don’t yet see how Obama’s presidential aspirations can survive what some are calling the “Pastor Disaster.”

Some polls suggest that his searching, subtle and challenging speech in Philadelphia last week put the issue behind him and that voters have moved on.

I don’t buy it. Obama’s transformation from the candidate who puts race behind us into the candidate who puts race front and center is no one-week dust-up or overblown campaign spat.

It’s a shift that, along with the unavoidable video clips of Wright at his most discomfiting, seems destined to erode Obama’s support among independents and white working-class Democrats—voters he’ll need, assuming he holds on to his primary lead and faces John McCain in November.

There’s no way around this problem for Obama. He couldn’t renounce or minimize his 20 years in those pews even if he wanted to.

His only way is straight through it, guided by the most audacious hope he’s ever had—that talk will lead to understanding and healing.

If we must have a national conversation about race, then I, for one, want Barack Obama to lead it.

-----

NOTE:<|endoftext|>This advertising content was produced in collaboration between Vox Creative and our sponsor, without involvement from Vox Media editorial staff.

Step into GE’s Aviation Center in Cincinnati and you’ll see vintage airplane parts suspended from the ceiling of the lobby. Those parts were made with traditional manufacturing — a painstaking puzzle of small pieces fit together. But when you walk through the doors to GE’s workspace, you’ll see a different kind of manufacturing taking place.

The Concept Laser Machine— in the first video below — is creating industrial parts for jet engines with new levels of efficiency, while the Arcam Q10 — shown in the second video — makes everything from prosthetics to jet engine parts using Electron Beam Melting technology (EBM).

Meanwhile, at the GE facility in Shelton, Connecticut, there’s a full-blown additive manufacturing operation where engineers are making orthopedic implants (among other things) with EBM. The result? Better, more durable products on the market. See those implants being made in the third video below.

The Concept Laser Machine

The Arcam Q10

Additive-Made Orthopedic Implants<|endoftext|>The current issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine explores why the English version of the Arab-owned network has seen a rise in U.S. Interest, but not in carriers.

The following article appears in the current issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine, on newsstands now.

After five weeks of reporting on revolts around the Arab world, Al Jazeera finds itself at the center of a new uprising — and this time, it’s fueled by American interest.

Once maligned (“a mouthpiece of al Qaeda” and “inexcusably biased,” former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld said), the Qatar-based news channel is enjoying positive press and more demand from inside the U.S. than at any other point in its rocky history. It prides itself on layered, in-depth coverage of global events stretching from the favelas of Brazil to the rubble of Haiti, and it has offered some of the most comprehensive, round-the-clock coverage of the disastrous earthquake and tsunami in Japan thanks to reporting teams stationed in the region before the disaster struck.

When AJE launched in 2006, few really expected this experiment out of the Gulf to work — after all, it was born in a region where media is largely a tool of the government, so what could it possibly know about competing against other global network-news giants? It kicked off by hiring veteran journalists from the West, including David Frost and Dave Marash, and broadcasting from dedicated new bureaus in London and Washington. Today, AJE gathers news from 70 bureaus around the world (compared with CNN’s 33 foreign bureaus) with 400 reporters, and it is available in 100 countries and 255 million households. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton recently held up Al Jazeera as a paragon of objective journalism, asserting that the network provides “real news,” in contrast to its would-be cable news competitors. “It is real news instead of a million commercials and … arguments between talking heads and the kind of stuff that we do on our news,” she said as she stood before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee in March. “Like it or hate it, it is really effective.” But the network remains shut out in America — including areas with large Arab populations such as Los Angeles, New York and Detroit — largely because cable operators have no interest in carrying it.

The station has managed to secure carriage in only three U.S. markets: Washington, Burlington, Vt., and northwest Ohio. (Several major operators including Comcast, DISH Network and DirecTV reversed earlier plans to carry the channel in 2007.) It streams content on a dedicated YouTube channel, its own website and a smattering of other satellite and Internet channels. And in the wake of the uprisings in Egypt, streaming player Roku added it to its Newscaster channel.

Cable and satellite providers in the U.S. have received more than 40,000 e-mails from customers urging they carry Al Jazeera English, according to AJE managing director Al Anstey. The network’s website traffic shot up 2,500 percent in the wake of the ongoing revolts, with half of that originating in the U.S.

Al Jazeera’s 24/7 coverage of the uprisings, coupled with its stream of reporters on scene, also proved invaluable to U.S. news networks. Fox News and MSNBC used Al Jazeera’s feed and referenced its reports after American news teams bailed out amid the chaos. “Al Jazeera almost has an element of political correctness now,” analyst Matthew Harrigan of Wunderlich Securities says. “There’s a sense they’re fostering democracy in the Middle East.”

All of which must be gratifying for the journalists and executives at “English,” as the staff has dubbed the network. But if AJE is in better position than ever before to land a significant carriage deal, then its spring awakening comes as the cable news market might have peaked. After more than a dozen years of audience growth, all three of the top U.S. cable news networks — Fox News, MSNBC and CNN — have experienced audience erosion, according to the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism.

“It was a real blow to AJE when they couldn’t get their foot in the door when they launched,” television news analyst Andrew Tyndall says. “Now the irony is that the great heyday of making money off a cable news operation is over.”

[pullquote]

Viewership for CNN, Fox News and MSNBC was down 13.7 percent in aggregate during 2010 for a sharper decline than in any other sector, according to PEJ’s annual State of the News Media report. And for the first time in the dozen years since PEJ began monitoring cable news networks, every channel was down (spikes such as the current ones for Japan coverage are fleeting). CNN, with its well-publicized primetime woes, was off the most in 2010: 37 percent, to 564,000 viewers. Fox News, the No. 1 cable news network, declined 11 percent, and MSNBC — which finished 2010 ahead of CNN — was down 5 percent. Any objective measure of AJE’s ratings potential must be weighed against what might be a downward trend in cable news.

But Al Jazeera English also offers the possibility of a highly targeted niche audience. The network does not specifically target Arab-Americans; it is presented in English, after all. But with more than 4 million Americans identifying themselves as of Arab descent, according to the nonprofit American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, AJE has a measure of built-in brand recognition.

“A very targeted audience attracts advertisers,” PEJ deputy director Amy Mitchell says. “The argument there is, yes, their potential audience is small, but it’s very targeted so you know what kinds of ads you want to place.”

According to the U.S. Census Bureau’s American Community Survey, median income in Arab-American households is 19 percent higher than the national average, and Arab-Americans with postgraduate degrees earn nearly double the national average.

And Al Jazeera’s executives are determined to capitalize on the recent groundswell. Anstey described recent meetings with executives at Comcast, Time Warner Cable and Cablevision as “very positive.”

“I do believe it’s a question of when, not if, we strike a deal,” he says. “We discussed the fact that AJE is increasingly being described by people in the United States as a journal of reference.”

But unless you’re Oprah Winfrey, it’s difficult to maneuver onto increasingly crowded cable and satellite systems at a time when companies are scrutinizing ratings for niche channels in an effort to reduce costs. “Even if the cable operator doesn’t have to pay, he’s indirectly paying in the sense that he’s providing real estate, and real estate has value,” says Jon Swallen, senior vp research at Kantar Media. “And all that he’s going to recoup is local ad revenue. So you’ve got to assume that a cable operator is looking at this and saying, ‘What’s the revenue potential to me for giving up this slice of real estate?’ ”

The availability of video-on-demand channels that don’t suck up precious linear bandwidth also is a complicating factor. “The idea is, ‘Why should we launch a channel when we can throw some content on VOD?’ ” says Derek Baine, senior analyst at SNL Kagan. For AJE in particular, he adds, the move could be even more difficult because it is an anomaly in the broadcast world: “I could see more of a shared channel block; Comcast has done that in the past so they don’t have to pick up the whole channel.”

Of the three companies that carry Al Jazeera English, one is municipally owned and one is a nonprofit, and none pays a fee to carry the network. Burlington Telecom reaches about 3,000 subscribers; Washington-based MHz Networks, which reaches nearly 5 million households, is a noncommercial broadcaster that specializes in international and educational programming; and Buckeye CableSystem serves 150,000 subs in northwest Ohio.

In the argument for AJE, public service eclipses dollars and cents. Executives stress that the network offers coverage in a part of the world where bottom-line-conscious Western news organizations long ago shuttered bureaus. The Arab network doesn’t have to rely on advertising or carriage fees for its revenue. It’s funded by Qatar Media Corp., an operation subsidized by the state and chaired by Qatar’s emir, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani. Anstey says despite being funded by the rulers of an Arabian emirate, the network maintains a balanced journalistic approach, even when covering Qatar.

When the network launched in 1996 out of Doha with dedicated bureaus in Kuala Lumpur, London and Washington, Al Jazeera was based on the BBC model: straightforward newscasts cultivated through hard-nosed reporting. But even then, it didn’t always strike a balance between unbiased news and a viewpoint sympathetic to Arab causes.

The network was criticized in the U.S. for an alleged anti-Israel bias and derided in the Middle East as so anti-establishment that it influenced news rather than reporting it. Al Jazeera also caught flack from the Bush administration for reporting, in a very graphic manner, on civilian deaths in Fallujah following the American-led invasion of Iraq.

And while Al Jazeera has received public support in high places, it’s courting controversy-averse U.S. cable and satellite carriers as the country is mired in a public debate about Islam and radicalization. In December, Houston radio station KPFT drew protests from the community when it began airing an AJE-produced news hour. “The anti-Muslim, anti-Arab hysteria is beyond comprehension,” says Ibrahim Hooper, spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations, a Washington-based Muslim advocacy group. “It’s distorting our national dialogue. It’s distorting our nation’s interests and image around the world. But it seems to be gaining traction. So of course [companies] want to avoid the hassles of having a bunch of people e-mail them and call them and protest outside their building.” Even the reliably progressive enclave of Burlington has not been immune to flare-ups. In 2007, Burlington Telecom threatened to dump AJE over what management described as persistent viewer complaints. A series of public forums produced a lopsided majority in favor of keeping the channel, and in 2008 it reached a new deal with the city-owned cable carrier.

Still, many believe it’s only a matter of time before wider distribution comes. “The Gulf Region has become a tourist destination, a stopover travel hub and a media center,” Tyndall says. “Really the Las Vegas and the Singapore of the Middle East — Al Jazeera is part and parcel of that push. It’s establishing itself as a modern face of the Arab world. People around the world know about that. The U.S. is really the last to discover it.<|endoftext|>Ranking all 32 NFL receiving corps this season

By Michael Renner • Dec 1, 2016

[Editor’s note: This article was published prior to the news reports that Patriots tight end Rob Gronkowski will have back surgery and could miss up to two months.]

With 12 weeks of the NFL season in the books, it’s time to revisit Pro Football Focus’ ranking of all 32 NFL receiving corps. All season long, the Patriots have remained atop the list, largely lifted by Rob Gronkowski and Martellus Bennett, but the rest of the top-five has seen some shifts.

For these rankings—and given the position’s ever-increasing role within the passing offense—we’ve included tight ends as part of the receiving corps.

1. New England Patriots (Ranking through Week 6: 1)

Starters: WR Julian Edelman, WR Chris Hogan, TE Rob Gronkowski, TE Martellus Bennett

When fully healthy, this receiving corps simply creates too many matchup issues for opposing defenses not to be No 1. It’s the “fully healthy” part that’s been tricky for them. Gronkowski has managed a total of 352 snaps this season, and may continue to miss time.

2. Dallas Cowboys (4)

Starters: WR Dez Bryant, WR Terrance Williams, WR Cole Beasley, WR Brice Butler, TE Jason Witten

The emergence of Cole Beasley as one of the most productive slot receivers in the NFL has pushed the Cowboys to No. 2. Everyone knows what a nightmare Dez Bryant is on the outside, but Beasley has been equally devastating from the slot; only Miami’s Jarvis Landry has more yards from inside than Beasley’s 538. He’s forced defenses to alter their coverages, creating separation with ease versus non-cornerbacks.

3. Washington Redskins (2)

Starters: WR Pierre Garçon, WR DeSean Jackson, WR Jamison Crowder, TE Jordan Reed, TE Vernon Davis

Yet another team that can throw four above-average options on the field at once. The Redskins may not have a sure-fire No. 1 receiver, but each has their own niche they excel within. What’s most surprising about this unit is the resurgence of Vernon Davis. The maligned tight end has only 174 passing snaps on the season, but is second behind only Rob Gronkowski in yards per route run (2.57).

4. Oakland Raiders (5)

Starters: WR Amari Cooper, WR Michael Crabtree, WR Seth Roberts, TE Clive Walford

Arguably the best one-two WR punch in the NFL right now, Amari Cooper and Michael Crabtree take turns throwing out dominant performances. They are both within the top-32 in terms of yard per route run, and would be higher if Cooper didn’t pass his drop issues from a year ago onto Crabtree. The former 49er leads the league with eight drops this season.

5. Denver Broncos (8)

Starters: WR Demaryius Thomas, WR Emmanuel Sanders, WR Jordan Norwood, TE Virgil Green

The other group in the conversation for best one-two receiving duo, Denver unfortunately has little else to get excited about. Cody Latimer never quite lived up to his draft status, and Jordan Norwood has been on four teams in eight years for a reason. The Broncos’ top two wideouts, Demaryius Thomas and Emmanuel Sanders, have accounted for 56 percent of the team’s total receiving yards on the season.

6. Atlanta Falcons (9)

Starters: WR Julio Jones, WR Mohamed Sanu, WR Taylor Gabriel, TE Jacob Tamme, TE Levine Toilolo

The Falcons get a little bump from earlier in the season because of the sneaky emergence of Taylor Gabriel. The third-year wideout has only notched 225 snaps on the season, but he’s averaging 2.39 yards per route run on those plays—a figure higher than Antonio Brown’s. Gabriel has seen his snap count steadily increase in recent weeks, and could be an even bigger factor down the stretch.

7. Arizona Cardinals (3)

Starters: WR Larry Fitzgerald, WR Michael Floyd, WR John Brown, TE Jermaine Gresham

Larry Fitzgerald is still Larry Fitzgerald, but the Cardinals take a tumble down this list because Mike Floyd has not been Mike Floyd. He’s caught only 28 of his 57 targets, and hasn’t broken a single tackle all season. The quarterback play hasn’t helped, but Floyd has looked decidedly off in his own right.

8. New Orleans Saints (17)

Starters: WR Brandin Cooks, WR Michael Thomas, WR Willie Snead, TE Coby Fleener

The emergence of the league’s best rookie receiver in Michael Thomas helped out the Saints’ corps immensely. The Ohio State product looks every bit a No. 1 receiver, so much so that Brandin Cooks has started to publicly worry about his targets. Thomas has the fourth-most broken tackles (14) and owns a top-15 receiving grade entering Week 13.

9. Pittsburgh Steelers (11)

Starters: WR Antonio Brown, WR Sammie Coates, WR Markus Wheaton, WR Eli Rogers, TE Jesse James, TE Ladarius Green

Antonio Brown may not be on a record-breaking pace, but he still leads the NFL with 10 touchdowns. The most intriguing part of this corps, though, is offseason addition Ladarius Green. The tight end has been eased back in since returning from injury, with 34 snaps the last three weeks, but I don’t think the Steelers are paying him $5 million per year to be a part-time player. Green has flashed top-tier receiving skills behind San Diego’s Antonio Gates in the past, and had 67 yards in Pittsburgh’s last game against Indianapolis.

10. New York Giants (10)

Starters: WR Odell Beckham Jr., WR Sterling Shepard, WR Victor Cruz, TE Will Tye

Sterling Shepard has been solid for a rookie, but this ranking is solely on the back of Odell Beckham Jr. Beckham may only be seventh in the NFL in receiving yards, but I can’t think of a single receiver that has had more yards left on the field due to off-target throws. He’s broken 15 tackles after the catch, and his eight touchdowns are fourth-most in the league.

11. Indianapolis Colts (12)

Starters: WR T.Y. Hilton, WR Donte Moncrief, WR Phillip Dorsett, TE Dwayne Allen

A unit that had so much promise at the beginning of the season has sadly disappointed. WR Donte Moncrief has missed time with injury, while TE Dwayne Allen still hasn’t come close to matching his rookie production. The biggest letdown, though, has been 2015 first-rounder Phillip Dorsett. He’s had multiple opportunities to showcase his talents, and repeatedly failed to deliver. His 1.06 yards per route run is 83rd out of 95 qualifying receivers this season.

12. Seattle Seahawks (7)

Starters: WR Doug Baldwin, WR Jermaine Kearse, WR Tyler Lockett, TE Jimmy Graham

I admittedly expected Tyler Lockett to build upon his outstanding rookie campaign, and that’s why the Seahawks were ranked higher at the beginning of the year. He’s been banged up and ineffective, though, as his yards-per-route-run mark dropped from 1.57 a season ago to 1.13 this year. TE Jimmy Graham and WR Doug Baldwin are nothing to sneeze at, however, as Baldwin has recorded the highest passer rating when targeted in the league (137.0).

13. Jacksonville Jaguars (6)

Starters: WR Allen Robinson, WR Allen Hurns, WR Marqise Lee, TE Julius Thomas

There is still little doubt in my mind that the Jaguars have the talent, but they’ve not come close to living up to it in 2016. Lee, Hurns, and Robinson all have at least six drops, while Hurns’ 16.7 drop rate is the fourth-worst in the NFL. Jacksonville’s receivers have obviously suffered from some poor quarterback play, but they haven’t helped themselves, either.

14. Miami Dolphins (20)

Starters: WR DeVante Parker, WR Jarvis Landry, WR Kenny Stills, TE Dion Sims

It took him a while to get going, but DeVante Parker finally looks like the receiver worthy of his 14th-overall selection a year ago. Over the last three weeks, he’s averaged 2.8 yards per route run and broken three tackles after the catch. A consistent secondary threat alongside Jarvis Landry should do wonders for the Miami offense.

15. Houston Texans (13)

Starters: WR DeAndre Hopkins, WR Will Fuller, WR Braxton Miller, TE C.J. Fiedorowicz

DeAndre Hopkins has done his best to try and carry this receiving corps, but both the rookie wideouts have been too inconsistent to push the Texans any higher on this list. Will Fuller had almost as many yards in his first two games (211) as he did in his next seven (238), while Braxton Miller’s 0.38 yards per route run from the slot is dead last in the NFL.

16. Carolina Panthers (15)

Starters: WR Kelvin Benjamin, WR Devin Funchess, WR Ted Ginn, WR Philly Brown, TE Greg Olsen

It’s amazing how consistently-great Greg Olsen has been at the tight end position with little fanfare. He’s finished second in our receiving grading each of the past two seasons, and is currently first this season at the position. Simply put, Olsen is a model of consistency.

17. Kansas City Chiefs (26)

Starters: WR Jeremy Maclin, WR Albert Wilson, WR Chris Conley, WR Tyreek Hill, TE Travis Kelce

Kansas City is one of the biggest risers on this list because of the wildcard that is rookie Tyreek Hill. After the show he put on against the Broncos, he’ll surely see his 24 snaps-per-game average begin to rise. Hill’s 2.52 yards-per-route-run mark is third among all receivers.

18. Detroit Lions (16)

Starters: WR Golden Tate, WR Marvin Jones, WR Anquan Boldin, TE Eric Ebron

In what was supposed to finally be Eric Ebron’s time to shine, we’ve decidedly seen more of the same. Ebron is 19th among starting tight ends in yards per route run, averaging just 1.57. To top it off, he’s the lowest-graded run-blocking tight end in the league. Not ideal from a top-10 pick.

19. Green Bay Packers (19)

Starters: WR Jordy Nelson, WR Davante Adams, WR Randall Cobb, TE Richard Rodgers

12 weeks has felt like two seasons for Davante Adams. Through the first six weeks of the year, he had a catch rate of 57.7 percent and averaged 1.3 yards per route. Over the last six, his catch rate is 74.1 percent, and he’s averaging 1.8 yards per route run. Quite the turnaround.

20. Cleveland Browns (25)

Starters: WR Terrelle Pryor, WR Andrew Hawkins, WR Ricardo Louis, TE Gary Barnidge

The transformation we’ve seen from Terrelle Pryor over the course of two years has been nothing short of astounding, and proves the value of athleticism at the receiver position. Pryor is eighth in the NFL in receiving yards. Eighth! He could very well go from being PFF’s lowest-graded quarterback in 2013 to a top-five receiver in 2016.

21. San Diego Chargers (21)

Starters: WR Dontrelle Inman, WR Tyrell Williams, WR Travis Benjamin, TE Hunter Henry, TE Antonio Gates

If I would have told you heading into the season that the Chargers’ two most effective offensive weapons this year would be Tyrell Williams and Hunter Henry, you probably would have thought I was nuts. That’s exactly how it’s played out, however. Williams is 14th among wideouts with a 2.06 yards-per-route-run average, while Henry is ninth among tight ends, at 1.95.

22. New York Jets (24)

Starters: WR Brandon Marshall, WR Quincy Enunwa, WR Devin Smith, TE Kellen Davis

Eric Decker’s injury sealed the Jets’ fate offensively this year, although Quincy Enunwa has proved himself a legitimately competent No. 2 at this point. His 1.76 yards per route run are 35th-best at the position, but his seven drops have been an issue.

23. Baltimore Ravens (28)

Starters: WR Steve Smith, WR Kamar Aiken, WR Mike Wallace, WR Breshad Perriman, TE Dennis Pitta

Mike Wallace made his money as a deep threat, but his revival in Baltimore has nothing to do with the long ball. Wallace has cleaned up on shallow crossing routes giving him room to run over the middle. Only 206 of his 792 yards have come on deep passes (throws traveling 20+ yards in the air), while he’s gained 347 on balls caught within 10 yards of the line of scrimmage between the numbers.

24. Tampa Bay Buccaneers (23)

Starters: WR Mike Evans, WR Adam Humphries, TE Cameron Brate

Tampa Bay’s receiving corps might as well be known as “The Mike Evans show.” PFF’s highest-graded receiver has 127 targets on the season already, 10 more than second place Antonio Brown. Cameron Brate has been a pleasant surprise at tight end, but there is little else in terms of talent at the receiver position here.

25. Minnesota Vikings (18)

Starters: WR Stefon Diggs, WR Adam Thielen, WR Charles Johnson, TE Kyle Rudolph

Stefon Diggs’ season to date has been quite the oddity. His 78.8 percent catch rate is ninth-best at the position, but he’ll have games where he seemingly disappears. 60 percent of his 747 yards came in just three games, and there’s little explanation for it.

26. Buffalo Bills (31)

Starters: WR Sammy Watkins, WR Robert Woods, WR Marquise Goodwin, TE Charles Clay

Call this the Sammy Watkins bump. When I last did these rankings (entering Week 7), Watkins had just been declared out for a good deal of time, and the Bills’ receiving corps was a mess. If Watkins can return to his 2015 form, where he had a 128.8 passer rating when targeted, the Buffalo receiving corps will be much improved.

27. Tennessee Titans (29)

Starters: WR Kendall Wright, WR Tajae Sharpe, WR Rishard Matthews, TE Delanie Walker

It’s was very easy to overlook Rishard Matthews heading into this season. He was a seventh-round pick who never played more than 533 snaps in a single season over his first four years in the league, but he’s always been productive when given a chance, and through 12 games in Tennessee, he’s emerged as the Titans’ No. 1 receiver. Matthews’ 2.12 yards-per-route-run mark is 12th in the league, and he’s dropped only one pass on the year.

28. Chicago Bears (22)

Starters: WR Alshon Jeffery, WR Cameron Meredith, WR Eddie Royal, TE Zach Miller

What was supposed to be a two-headed monster with Kevin White and Alshon Jeffery hasn’t been a monster at all, with both currently out. The Bears just set a PFF-era (since 2006) single-game record with 12 drops against the Titans, so I think their ranking is justified.

29. Philadelphia Eagles (27)

Starters: WR Jordan Matthews, WR Nelson Agholor, WR Dorial Green-Beckham, TE Zach Ertz

As I stated entering Week 7, it’s nearly impossible for an offense to have success through slot receivers alone, yet that’s what the Eagles have at the moment. Zach Ertz and Jordan Matthews are the No. 1 and No. 2 options, and both spend the vast majority of their time split tight.

30. Los Angeles Rams (30)

Starters: WR Kenny Britt, WR Tavon Austin, WR Brian Quick, TE Lance Kendricks

Tavon Austin would be a nice third piece on a team with two stud receivers, but it’s become abundantly clear at this point that he shouldn’t be a first or second option. Austin is averaging only 9.1 yards per reception, and has seven drops on 51 opportunities.

31. Cincinnati Bengals (14)

Starters: WR Brandon LaFell, WR Tyler Boyd, TE Tyler Eifert

The Bengals’ receiving corps losing A.J. Green is like the Panthers’ secondary losing Josh Norman. He was the only thing holding this unit together, and now they’re left trying to pick up the pieces. The only silver lining is that Tyler Eifert has looked fantastic since returning healthy, and is PFF’s fourth-highest-graded tight end.

32. San Francisco 49ers (32)

Starters: WR Torrey Smith, WR Quinton Patton, WR Jeremy Kerley, TE Garrett Celek, TE Vance McDonald

Still dead last. There simply aren’t many redeeming qualities about this group. The nicest thing I can say is that Jeremy Kerley is grading out above-average (74.3 overall grade this season).<|endoftext|>BYOND

Cofounder of BYOND, Tom has retired as of this month after two decades with the project, passing the BYOND torch to developer Lummox JR. The "Business of BYOND" has been rebranded as BYOND Software, and as the new name suggests, we may see more changes to the software in the coming months. Already for version 508 lummox JR has incorporated enhanced error handling , appearances , and new graphic enhancements for the icon editor. Plans are also in the works for improvements to the Dream Maker platform.

BYOND Games

Severed World launched it's Kickstarter campaign a day ago, and they have currently obtained pledges for $3100 of their $15000 goal. Regular and early beta game access options are available, along with custom content pledges. In the same time frame, they have begun a Stream Greenlight ballot and are looking for upvotes to gain attention. Check out the website for game details.

Sigrogana Legend 2 has had a new race called the Leporidae added over the past two weeks, fully equipped with its own racial traits. The fishing skill has received an upgrade rendering it more interactive. Plus, fishing contest events are now held in Dormeho. Lets not forget to mention the handful of bug fixes and adjustments.

Citing a new full time job and an overwhelming majority of a poll, Edit Nero has decided to open source the RPG Kalero.

To help keep new players on the right path, Inutaishos has added lifetime quests to Azusa Generations, full details are in the update. A self writing book, a forest dungeon, and new monsters have been added as well.

After evaluating the results of a poll, Avidanimefan concluded that the majority of the available player base is most interested in seeing Kage no Ordori: Rise of the Tengu taking a turn for a more player vs player gameplay. In the same post, he described the results of a recent play testing session and shared his thoughts on community involvement. Additionally, he proposed an opportunity for players who are interested in creating custom equipment for the game. For players more interested in PVP features, vote on the specifics here, and for players more interested in RP features, cast your vote here.

DanteVFenris shared a video featuring the cutscene that displays when the player creates a new character, giving a glimps of the history of the Unluckiest in Cursed Luck. Check the second comment for the correct Youtube link. A cutscene is expected for each dungeon.

Previous maps have been scraped and new ones have taken their place over at Final Impact: Aeon Catalyst. In addition to the landscape changes, Soma Schicksal also informs us that weapons, abilities, skills, and other main systems continue to improve. A server is available periodically, and in the interim, a collection of screenshots are available.

Gluscap games has published information on the four skills trees to which players can allocate points to in Boundless. Combat, Movement, Support, and Utility and each features skill ranging from beginner to advanced.<|endoftext|>Post a PDF of the latest version in the header before the original version, so that people will comment on that and avoid doubling up on the same feedback.

Sorry I can’t make any more comments or tag any more people.

Grammar and readability edits

Please have the font in Arial or some other Sans Serif font.

Use CTRL+F to find the text that I’m quoting.

"when we say “2/3 of validators”, we are referring to the deposit-weighted fraction; that is, a set of validators whose sum deposit size equals to 2/3 of the total deposit size of the entire set of validators.” Maybe to avoid ambiguity have an acronym, e.g. validators with 2/3 of the total deposit size (VaTTTDS, pronounced vat dees).

The most notable property of Casper is that it is impossible for two conflicting checkpoints to be finalized without >1/3 of the validators violating one of the two Casper Commandments/slashing conditions."

…it is impossible for both of two conflicting checkpoints to be finalized unless >1/3 of the validators (by weight) violate one of…

think “four months’ worth of blocks”

should be four months worth of blocks. I don’t think you need the quotation marks. It doesn’t need “think”. Be decisive or say probably four months…

@chris-remus, “recursively justifying” should be defined as it is in the last bullet point of p. 2. However if this document uses usepackage{hyperref} then you can use \hypertarget{recursivelyjustify}{} in a line before the last bullet point of p. 2 (e.g. as below), then use \hyperlink{recursivelyjustify}{recursively justifying} .

188. \hypertarget{recursivelyjustify}{} 189. \item A checkpoint $c$ is called \emph{justified} if (1) it is the root, or (2) there exists a supermajority link $c^\prime \to c$ where $c^\prime$ is justified. \figref{fig:2c} shows a chain of four justified blocks. 314. Before, a checkpoint $c$ is called \emph{finalized} if it is justified and there is a supermajority link from $c$ to any of its direct children in the checkpoint tree. Finalization now has one additional condition---$c$ is finalized only if the votes for the supermajority link $c \rightarrow c^\prime$, as well as all of the supermajority links \hyperlink{recursivelyjustify}{recursively justifying} $c$, are included in the block chain before the child of $c^\prime$, i.e., before block number $\h(c^\prime) * 100$.

Yes I agree to have a different notation to \upnu for a validator set, a capital italic letter as used here.

Note this means that the forward validator set of dynasty d is the rear validator set of dynasty d + 1.

It’s probably better to spell this out for readability, i.e.:

\begin{align*} \mathcal{V}_{\operatorname{r}}(d+1) &\equiv \left\{ \upnu : \DS(\upnu) < d + 1 \leq \DE(\upnu) \right\} \\ \equiv \left\{ \upnu : \DS(\upnu) \leq d < \DE(\upnu) \right\} \equiv \mathcal{V}_{\operatorname{f}}(d) \end{align*}

There is repetition of two sentences:

We add the condition that c is finalized only if the votes for the supermajority link c -> c′, as well as the supermajority link justifying c, are included in c′’s block chain and before the child of c′—i.e., before block number h(c′) * 100. Isn’t the last phrase “and before the child of c′—i.e., before block number h(c′) * 100” repeating the previous condition, since including these votes in c′ implies that the votes will be included before the child of c′.

We assume all clients have local clocks are perfectly synchronized (any discrepancy can be treated asbeing part of the communication delay).

We assume that all clients have local clocks that are perfectly synchronized (any discrepancy can be treated as being part of the communication delay \delta).

@hwwang

Could you clarify the difference between ω ≥ 4δ and ω > 4δ?

Yes I also had to stop and reflect about that, so a clarification would be good. For the case where ω ≥ 4δ, my understanding is that the validator can withdraw the deposit at that point in time, but they will have no time to launch a successful attack after that as it will be ignored by clients, since ω > 4δ.

If anyone knows how to use strikethrough in these comments, please let me know how.

If a validator sees a slashing violation at time t (that’s the time they hear the later of the two votes),

Which two votes? In a validator’s vote, there is a vote for the source and target checkpoints as their hash and height. So I’m assuming this means that the time of the target checkpoint. Perhaps this should be clarified, e.g.:

If a validator sees a slashing violation at time t (that’s the time they hear the later of the two votes, i.e. the timestamp of the target checkpoint)

Suppose that a large set of slashing violations results in results in two conflicting finalized checkpoints

Suppose that a large set of slashing violations results in two conflicting finalized checkpoints

whose chains that have not yet included the evidence transaction

whose chains have not yet included the evidence transaction

slashing evidence was submitted into a given chain “on time” or submittedand another chain as having accepted it too late

submitted and

I’m not sure what “another chain as having accepted it too late” is meant to mean, however maybe it could be rewritten as “submitted into a chain and then having accepted it too late at the time of another chain”.

In figure 5:

After withdrawal, attack fabricates a conflicting chain

After withdrawal, the attacker(s) (the supermajority validators) fabricates a conflicting chain

because the communityvalidators

because the community validators

thus stopping the attack and removingslashing the attacker.

thus stopping the attack and removing/slashing the attacker supermajority.

PoS is because if the validators are split into two subsets

PoS is valid because…

(however, every validator will lose a large portion of their deposit on one of the two chains due to leaks. If this situation happens, then each validator should simply favor whatever finalized checkpoint it saw first.

(however, every validator will lose a large portion of their deposit on one of the two chains due to leaks. If this situation happens, then each validator should simply favor whatever finalized checkpoint it saw first.)

can detect obviously malfesant behavior

malfeasant

Casper is an PoS-based

Casper is a PoS-based

[6] Bitcoin: A peer-to-peer electronic cash systems

system

Change/add to the following bib refs like so (I can only post at most two links):

gist.github.com https://gist.github.com/jamesray1/727003f970cc995e4aeaec50e1bc6564 Casper Finality Cadget feedback % Context: https://ethresear.ch/t/latest-casper-basics-tear-it-apart/151/26, % https://ethresear.ch/uploads/default/original/1X/fdbebd67c8a9671efabf4e53d6267789cd91d96c.pdf % https://web.archive.org/save/https://ethresear.ch/uploads/default/original/1X/fdbebd67c8a9671efabf4e53d6267789cd91d96c.pdf PPCoin note = "\url{https://web.archive.org/save/https://decred.org/research/king2012.pdf}", Blackcoin note = "\url{https://web.archive.org/save/http://blackcoin.co/blackcoin-pos-protocol-v2-whitepaper.pdf}", This file has been truncated. show original

As for security and performance, no feedback has come to mind yet, other than:

I look forward to future developments and shall be happy to actively work on such developments.

I guess that further research for other possible attacks and seeking out a security consultant would be good.<|endoftext|>Regarding Destructoid UK

Published 9 hours ago

As of June 30th this month, the UK team at Destructoid (Myself, Joe Parlock, Vikki Blake) will no longer be a salaried team at Destructoid. Our team being dismantled is apparently nothing to do with content quality of viewership of content, and due to seasonal financials and our team of three being the most recent additions to the salary payroll.

Obviously, recieving this news two days before heading off for surgery is less than ideal haha.

I want to address the fate of our little team, as well as our hopes and plans going forward.

I want to get Joe on more butt review shows as a permenant co-host. I want to set Vikki up with a little "why you should care about this teenage boy shooty bang bang game" corner. I want to rebrand the DestrUKtoid podcast, keeping the format intact, and relaunch it without the Dtoid name.

Basically, I want to begin growing this from just my content, to content in a similar vain to my own from other writers I have worked with and who I trust.

Oh, and we might potentially host it all under the pretty cool URL of In a perfect world, I would like to bring Vikki and Joe over to my little content creation platform. I would like to pay them the same salary they were earning at Destructoid, and instead have them creating content for my site and feeds.I want to get Joe on more butt review shows as a permenant co-host. I want to set Vikki up with a little "why you should care about this teenage boy shooty bang bang game" corner. I want to rebrand the DestrUKtoid podcast, keeping the format intact, and relaunch it without the Dtoid name.Basically, I want to begin growing this from just my content, to content in a similar vain to my own from other writers I have worked with and who I trust.Oh, and we might potentially host it all under the pretty cool URL of http://LetsPlayVideoGames.com , which Vikki apparently just totally owns haha.

So yeah, you'll be seeing a lot less of me at Destructoid after I return from surgery.

My main concern right now is working out how to pitch my Patreon as important enough to get approved for E3 and similar conventions in the future now haha. Also, goodbye steady stream of review codes haha.

Still, being salaried in an editorial role was a wild ride while it lasted.<|endoftext|>The recent outrage over the illegal hunting of Cecil the Lion reminded me of an analysis I compiled in 2013 about African lion tourism. A thorough review of the literature at the time demonstrated that the story of trophy hunting for lions is not straightforward as many make it out to be. Yes, the moral argument is clear – hunting of a majestic, endangered animal is wrong. However, the conservation science and sustainability argument is more complex. The income generated from hunting lions may be significant. Hunting a lion for sport costs a tourist between $24,000 and $71,000 – the highest price for any trophy animal. In theory, much of this funding should be directed to the local communities and habitat conservation which should promote the protection of lions and other creatures. However, this element of the argument becomes murky – there are many unknowns about the particulars of the funding streams from the tourists to the local communities. Corruption and private entities may get in the way and the funds may be funneled into the wrong hands. More in-depth economics research is needed to accurately identify and quantify the funding generated from trophy hunting. I fear, however, that research in this particular area would be met with many obstacles, including opaque, non-transparent bureaucratic barriers and perhaps danger to the researcher. We do know a few important facts and figures, however, about lion tourism to date. The excerpt from this report discusses the “No-Hunting” and the “Southern African” models of wildlife management. The no-hunting model is implemented in India and Kenya; wildlife hunting is banned. In the Southern African model (as examined here in South Africa and Tanzania), however, hunting – including trophy hunting – is allowed. Wildlife tourism, both consumptive (e.g. hunting) and non-consumptive (e.g. photography), contribute to the Southern African economy.

Want to know more about the specifics of lion ecology and tourism? Read on.

_____________________________________________________________________________________________

African Lion (Panthera leo leo)

The African lion (Panthera leo leo) is an iconic predator whose populations have been declining for the past 50 years due to habitat loss and human-wildlife conflict. Lions depend on large swaths of habitat and prey including zebras, wildebeest, and springbok. They live in prides of four to six members, which consist of related females and their cubs as well as a dominant male. Females hunt and raise young communally. Typically, lions live in open woodlands or scrub and grass complexes where sufficient cover is provided for hunting and denning. They are found in most countries in eastern and southern Africa, yet they survive in only 22% of their historical range (IUCN 2006a,b; Bauer 2008).

Population Status